---
title: "Customer Acquisition, Offers, And Ads Playbook_Raw Transcript"
type: "source"
domain: "source-library"
lang: "en"
source_type: "video"
source_format: "raw-transcript"
processing_status: "processed"
author: "Sabri Suby"
date_archived: "2026-07-10"
status: "source"
---

Raw transcript, triaged from the retired inbox item “Transcript of Sabri Suby videos.md”. Four separate YouTube videos by Sabri Suby (founder of King Kong, a $250M+ agency; Shark Tank Australia) concatenated in the source dump: (1) the CAC/LTV/payback-period math plus the Godfather Offer and Halo Strategy frameworks, (2) three marketing mistakes, (3) a Facebook ads / hyperdopamine-ad playbook, (4) seven business truths from 17 years running an agency.

---

Why is it that some businesses explode while others, no matter how hard that they work, they just stay stuck? After doing over $200 million in my agency, generating my clients over 7.8 billion in sales across a thousand different niches, I realized one thing. Whether you're thinking about starting a business, you've already got customers, or you're looking to scale, business fundamentally only comes down to three numbers. First is your customer acquisition cost. aka how much does it cost you to acquire a customer? The second thing is your LTV, your lifetime value of a customer. How much money are you going to make off a customer over their entire lifetime with your business? And the third one is your payback period, which is how long does it take you to get your money back. If you can engineer these three numbers to work in your favor, then you win. And if you don't, you lose. And everything that I'm going to be teaching you in this video is how to manipulate these numbers in your favor so that you build a business that wins. So the first thing that you need to understand is that nothing happens in your business until something is sold. And I think the reason that most business owners completely neglect focusing on things that move the money needle is because it's so much easier and less confrontational to have to work on things that aren't on the front lines out there in the marketplace actually asking people to give you money. It's way easier to sit down, look at your website, think about updating it, or look at your brochures and your branding or do things that aren't very very hard. That's the easiest things to do in business. However, the things that you really must be focusing on is tip of the spear activity. Like things that are going to build enterprise value in your business. And that's why customer acquisition is literally the most important activity that you can do in your business. Because if you don't have customers coming in, then you don't have a business. Sales is the lifeblood to any business. Yet, most people don't spend a disproportionate amount of time on that one activity. And that's why most businesses stay small because they believe that the money is in the actual delivering of the goods and services when it is not. The money is made in the selling of those goods and services. And you can never ever get this confused because all the best founders in the world are phenomenal salespeople. Like if you take Elon Musk for example, yes, he's very very smart. He knows how to look at things from first principles. He clearly knows engineering. But more often than not, like that guy is just a phenomenal salesperson. There's the reason that he does all the product launches, that he's on stage announcing things, like the guy knows fundamentally how to sell product. And most people, if you kind of sit them down and you have a look at where is all their time allocated, they spend a vast majority, like 80% of their time focusing on things that are not acquiring customers. And the reason for this is because most people think growing their business is some whimsical mysterious thing like, I'm just going to go out there and get customers. I'm just going to grow my business. But they don't think about it as a scientific equation. If you ask them, okay, how many customers that you going to get? How are you going to get them? They just look at you with a blank face. And it's because they basically run their business off what I call hope and pray. They don't have a systematic system where they can put an input in and it results in an output. And as a result of that, their business doesn't grow. They plateau. They say, "This is too hard." And they don't typically stay in business for very long. or if they do, they basically have a glorified job. And it's even worse than a job. It's like the whole golden handcuff situation because they can't take leave cuz their business will crash and burn. They are continuously the bottleneck in their business cuz they aren't able to delegate or trust anyone in the organization to do everything and they need to touch everything. And they work out just being extremely overstressed and underpaid. And that's why most business owners make like an average of $42,000 per year. They don't have a business. they've just got a very expensive job. Which brings us to point number two. He who can spend the most to acquire a customer is the one that wins. And in order to get attention, it's going to cost money. Regardless of whether or you're going down the organic route and you're doing organic content, you're going to need a team. You're going to need editors. You're going to need production people to actually do that, which is going to be a big cost to your business. Or you're going to go paid acquisition. You're going to be running ads. You're going to need media buyers, people that are going to generate funnels for you, salespeople. All of these things cost a lot of money. I realized this very early on when I started running traffic and I was like, "Okay, cool. I'm getting clicks. I'm getting leads coming in." And then you start to run the mathematics of how many leads you're able to convert or if you're running an ecom business, like how much of that traffic are you able to actually convert into customers. And then you do that activity for a while and then you start to come up with what your customer acquisition cost is. And then naturally when you're looking at what your customer acquisition cost is, then you're going to be asking the question of like, well, what is the theoretical maximum that I can spend in order to acquire a customer? I'm willing to spend 20 or 30% of what a customer is worth to me over their lifetime in order to acquire them. And then once you understand that number, then you're all like, "Okay, well, I can either try and spend all of my time and energy on reducing what it costs me to acquire a customer, or I can figure out a way to basically make each customer worth way more to me than any of my competitors so that I can spend the most to acquire them." Because if that is the case, right, you don't need to be constantly worried about having the cheapest cost per click or the cheapest cost per lead or the cheapest customer acquisition cost because you can burden a much higher customer acquisition cost because it's just worth a lot more to you. Pretty simple but very very neglected point in business because if your business is flooded with profitable sales, there is no problem that you can't solve in your business. Naturally, that's the problem that you want to solve first. And make sure that you have a stock reserve of cash so that you can solve all of those problems when you have money coming in. Because understand this, this is a lesson that took me too long to learn. If you can spend more than any of your competitors to acquire a customer, then you go out there and you buy all the customers in the marketplace and you just outmuscle them. They simply can't compete with you. And when it comes to acquiring customers, there's fundamentally two ways that you can do it. The first is through referrals and word of mouth. And the problem with this is like referrals are great. Word of mouth is amazing. However, it is not a predictable channel where you can be like, "Okay, I want to double my business this year." It's not going to be a predictable way that you can sit down and have enough confidence is you're relying off just referrals and word of mouth. Now, the second way that you can do it is through paid customer acquisition. And for me, I believe that this is the greatest skill that businesses can ever acquire because it is a universal scientific equation where you are buying inputs, you are buying eyeballs, you are then processing that attention and generating customers. And you know exactly what it's going to cost you to get double the amount of leads. We're in a day and age where a lot of people are talking about organic and they're talking about, hey, putting out organic content and getting customers in. The thing that you must realize is that both of those ways are both paid because you're either paying with your time and you're creating the content yourself or you're creating a message and then you're paying the platforms to put that content out. But fundamentally, they are both the same. They both require either human capital or financial capital in order to go out there and therefore all customer acquisition is paid customer acquisition. Which brings us to point number three, the equation for a good business. Now we fundamentally understand that all customer acquisition is paid customer acquisition. Let's now dive into what the numbers of an actual good business look like. So first of all lifetime value of a customer which is you take your total revenue that your business did over the last 12 36 months and you simply divide it by the number of customers or clients that you had in that period and then you know what your typical profit margin is. That's what your lifetime value is. So, an example of that would be say last year you did $250,000 in revenue. You know that over that time period that you had 110 clients. You take your $250,000 in revenue, you divide it by the 110 clients that you had over that time period, which is going to give you $2,279 as your LTV. Now, you need to understand this number intimately. And then every time that you're looking at advertising channels, you're looking at any marketing initiative that you're going to do, you always are looking at that in mind with your LTV and fundamentally understanding that number. Now, the second number that you need to understand is CAC, customer acquisition cost. And this is effectively every single cost in your business that is associated with the conversion of attention into getting customers. So, think about your agency fees, think about your sales team's fees. It must be the costs that are basically tied to customer acquisition. Now, the ideal relationship between lifetime value and customer acquisition is 3:1. You might be thinking, "Wow, I get a lot more in my business." I'm going to get to that in a moment. Now, a bad relationship between LTV to CAC would be 1 one. Customers worth $100 to me and I have to spend $100 to acquire them. That's not a good equation. You're not going to be making any money. Then you could have a look at another one which might be 5:1 and you this is amazing. I'm making so much money. I've typically found in most businesses when they've got such a high relationship of LTV to CAC, they're simply not spending enough and they're not acquiring as many customers that they could. So, I have typically found that the sweet number is 3:1 because first of all, you're making money and you want to keep spending and acquiring more customers until the point to you get to diminishing returns of below a 3:1 because you could spend say for instance $10,000 per month and have a 5:1 or maybe you could spend 500 grand a month on ads and be at a 3:1. Which one would you prefer? It's very, very simple the answer to that. So typically speaking, you should be in a place where you are willing and able to spend 33% of what a customer is worth to you in order to acquire that customer. But there is a third number that most business owners completely neglect. No one really talks about and it's like this silent thing that is present in every single business. Which brings us to point number four, payback period. Think about it this way. is you spend $100 to acquire a customer that is worth $300 to you. You put $1 in, you get $3 back out. Kumbaya, we're all really happy. Then you're like, "This is amazing. I'm making lots of money." Then let's just go out there, sub, and let's spend as much money as we possibly can. Let's spend a million bucks a month on meta ads. Then you do that and you realize that there is this big cash trough that you are building and it's like this big red line item on your P\&L of like, holy \[ \_\_ \] look at all this money that's going out of the business. I thought I was making money. I'm putting a dollar in and $3 coming back. However, that $300 that might come back to you in 90day periods. So you might make $33 in the first 90 days, then it might be another $33 in 180 days, and then beyond that, you're making another $33. So the real thing is, how long does it take us to get those money soldiers to come back to camp? I put $1 into ads. When does that come back? And that is what your payback period is. And this is typically why businesses go out and raise a huge amount of venture capital is because even though that they are profitable, their LTV to CAC is a healthy relationship, their payback period, depending on the business, it might be 90 days, it could be 6 months, it might be a year. For some SAS businesses, it's 5 years. So then the real game is, okay, cool. Not only are we making more money than it's costing us to acquire the customers, but how quickly are we able to liquidate those advertising costs because that will be the bottleneck of how much that you can spend. Cuz unless you're going out there and borrowing money, you're going to have to self-fund this. And what you want to try to do is manipulate that number in your favor where you're recouping that money as quick as possible. I typically like to engineer a business and an offer that I pay back the customer acquisition cost in 30 days. meaning that I can go out there, I can chuck it on Uncle Amex or Auntie Visa, I can run up the ad spend, and then over a 30-day period, I pay no interest and I get the customers coming in, and that doesn't become the bottleneck. Now, depending on how aggressive that you want to go, typically, the more aggressive, the longer the payback period will be. But again, he who can afford to spend the most to acquire a customer is the one that wins. They know that it is a war of going out there and acquiring as many as possible. And so that's exactly what they do, even though that means extending their payback period. Most businesses when I sit down with them and they have a functioning business and it's working, they're spending money on ads that they're acquiring customers, let's just say they're spending 10 grand a month. And this happened time and time again on Shark Tank and it happens every single day. The moment that they go from spending 10 grand a month on ads to 20 grand or 50 grand, the rorowaz drops down. And I'm like, okay, cool. That's fine. What is the the overall lifetime rorowaz? you're looking at like the 30-day rorowaz, like how much do you make off the first purchase, but how much do you make off the lifetime of that customer? And then it becomes a game of how do you manipulate that number to bring that payback period down to as small of a time period as possible so that that finances aren't the constraint on the business and that you can basically run it out on a credit card in a 30-day period and spend as much as you possibly can to acquire customers profitably. And that's exactly how I look at all advertising. I look at it as a little money soldier that I'm sending out to war. And the sole job of that money soldier is to come back to camp with more soldiers. And all I want to know is how long it's going to take him to come back to daddy. All right. So here's the rules with payback period. First of all, cash flow, not rorowaz, is the oxygen that your business relies on in order to live. Right? It does not matter what your rorowaz is. It does not matter what your ROI is. You cannot pay staff. You cannot pay rent with rorowaz. You can only pay it with free cash flow. So you really need to understand what that payback period is and what it looks like. Then you must understand that your job as the founder is to bring that payback period down to as short as you possibly can without limiting growth. However, if you're in an e-commerce business, typically you want to shoot for like a 90-day payback period. the burdened cost to actually get that customer into your world has been paid for and then all the orders subsequently off the back of that is mainly profit. If you're in a service-based business, think setup fees. Think about value ads, upsells. A great upsell is to basically the thing that they just bought to deliver that to them quicker. It's effectively what is it that you can implement in your business that is an upfront cash that will help you liquidate those advertising costs. And what you must understand is that most people, they're going to look at the total contract value as the outlay that they're going to spend. And they're going to be more concerned about that number than they necessarily are going to be about like oneoff fees and setup fees. And they're the things that are really going to help you shorten that payback period. Now, if you're in an e-commerce business, the number one thing that you can implement immediately that's going to shorten your payback period is to have a one-click upsell. What is it? The moment that somebody buys a product from you, they put in their order, you land them on a page that has a onetime offer for them to either add more of what they just bought or other complimentary products with a click of a button. That offer should be heavily discounted. You should offer them expedited shipping. You should offer them extended warranty or some other insurance that is attached to the product. That is going to increase your day one rorowaz and it's going to shorten that payback period. If you do nothing more than that, you will dramatically manipulate that number in your favor. Which brings us to point number five. Most businesses, they obsess over the wrong number. And this is what I hear all the time. I've got a great product. I've got a great service. I just need to get more eyeballs. You can just go to the traffic supermarkets aka Google and Meta and you can go out and you can buy as much traffic as you possibly want. And if you constantly obsessing how do you get the cheapest traffic, how do you increase your conversion rates to get the lowest cost per lead to get the lowest customer acquisition cost that you possibly can, there's one thing that is always fundamentally going to be true in business. The cost to advertise is only going to go one way and it's only going to go up. Whoever can afford to spend the most to acquire a customer is the one that wins. So, if that is the truth, it only makes sense to spend the vast majority of your time thinking about how you can increase that number, right? Because a couple of percentage points increase on your lifetime value is worth infinitely more than shaving down your cost per lead by 10 to 20%. Because coming back to our equation, 33% of a bigger number means that you can spend more to get them. I can buy up all of the inventory that exists. In addition to that, I can afford to go out there and hire the best talent to get the best salespeople to work with the best agencies cuz I make the most money. I have all of that brain power coming into my business. Smarter people, more customers, more profit, more revenue coming into the business. It's a simple equation. And that's why apex predators, they rule the jungle. Now, we understand the fundamental math that makes a business work. Now, let's dive into how to manipulate these numbers to engineer a business that literally wins the market. Which brings us to point number six, to think like a billionaire. If you study these people for any length of time in any industry, you'll understand one fundamental truth. And it's the thing that billionaires care about more than anything else is leverage. I.e., what are the inputs and what are the outputs and how do I manipulate them in my favor where I get as much leverage as possible. So we need to be focusing 80% of our time on revenue producing activities. This is the paro principle. So if you look at 20% of the inputs result in 80% of the outputs it's the same. If you do the 8020 to the 8020 you basically arrive that 4% of the activities generate 64% of the outputs. comes down to tip of the spear activities. How do we bring more customers in? How do we be more profitable on our ads? How do we make more money from all of these customers? So, let's look at how we actually do that on a tactical level and manipulate these numbers. So, the first thing is going to be the messaging that you actually put out there into the marketplace, which is going to convert the eyeballs into doing whatever the action that it is that you want them to do. And that's largely going to be based on the messaging that you put in front of them. And you're going to figure out, wow, depending on my sales copy, on my ad creative, I get more leverage. I get more people to do the activity that I want them to do based on different messaging and different creative. So therefore, it makes a lot of sense to spend a lot of your time understanding how to do that. How to write really compelling direct response copy, how to create creative that stops the scroll right in the news feed and gets people to pay attention, and then how do you convert that attention into actual money? And that is basically persuasion. It's all about the ability of effectively communicating and getting people to do what it is that you want them to do. And what I will say is once you kind of identify what those activities are in your business, you're going to realize very very quickly that there is a gap in between where you are and the skills that you need to possess in order to be a master in that. And for me, early on in my career, I'd spent in excess of $500,000 learning these skills, i.e. paying to learn them either through mistakes or through mentors. And there is nothing that it is that you can invest in that will give you a greater return on your money than acquiring skills. Because most often than not, when a business plateaus and it hits a bottleneck, it's simply because the founder doesn't have the skills to solve that bottleneck. And therefore, you want to invest as quick as you possibly can to basically downpay the time that it is to learn that skill. Which brings us to step number seven, which is to identify your dream buyer. Let's run them through a framework that I call the larger market formula, which shows that in any given market, there is always 3% that is looking to buy right now. It doesn't require much skill to convert these people. They already know that they have a need. They're just looking at which is the supply that they're going to go with to solve that problem. Then there's a further 17% that are in information gathering mode. So, they're out there, they're collecting information, they're walking car lots, they might be researching personal trainers or weight loss programs, but they're not effectively looking to buy right now. Then you have a further 20% that are problem aware. So, they might know that they need to lose weight or that they might need a new car, but they're not out there actively searching for information to actually solve that problem. And then you have a further 60% that aren't problem aware. So, they don't even know that they've got a problem. However, they could be a good candidate for whatever it is that you're selling. Now, once you understand who the dream buyer is in your business, do not do what most lazy business owners do and only focus on the 3% of the market that are looking to buy right now. Instead, what you want to do is you want to basically go out to a larger segment of that audience and basically have your marketing speak to the entire pyramid. You can literally scale your business to as big as the ambition that you possibly have. And it just comes down to do I have the skills to be able to go out there and market to all the different stages of that pyramid to basically reach people to sis sort and siphon them and educate them and basically speak to them in a way that when they are ready to buy right now, we are the people that they want to speak to. And the way that we figure out how to speak to them is by using something that I call the halo strategy. And it all starts with something that I call forum foraging where you're effectively understanding first what is the bullseye keyword that your entire market sits around. If you're in a digital marketing agency, it might be the word search engine optimization or SEO or it might be Facebook ads or it could be weight loss. If you're in the weight loss industry, then what you want to do is you want to start a search on Google and you want to start looking for the forums that are in your industry, right? It might be Reddit, there might be industry specific forums that you can go into and you start mining them for the richest customer intel. It's like being a fly on the wall and seeing all the prospects in your marketplace go back and forth and discuss things. They just pour their heart out. They tell you all their pains and fears, hopes and dreams, and then go look at all of the competitors in your space and read all of their reviews and even read your own reviews. Once you do this and you use this template called the Halo strategy and you fill this out, you will have enough foder to create endless ads. you will know the exact language, the way that they speak. And so that when you do put together ads and you when you do put together offers, which we'll get to in a moment, they are literally striking like lightning because they are speaking in the exact language that your market is speaking in. Now, this is where most people get it wrong. They go and do the halo strategy and then they think, "Okay, this is what it is that I've got to sell based on all this research that I've got. How am I going to sell this thing? Do what I'm about to tell you do." And that is you sit down and after you've got all of this research, you basically create a product that matches the desire of your market. Not what it is that you've got to sell, what you want to sell, what is convenient to you sell, but what is your market absolutely starving for? What would that solution look like? And that's what it is that you want to sell. Yes, often times that takes you rejigging your offers, maybe literally burning your offers and your products to the ground and rebuilding them. I can tell you right now that there is no one activity that you can do in your business that is going to help you more than this activity. Now, this brings us to step number eight. Now, we need to actually go out to the marketplace and get as many of those people as humanly possible to raise their hand and say, "I am interested in what it is that you've got." And this is all about crafting the perfect bait that literally attracts your dream buyers, which when you boil it down comes to valuebased marketing. Because if we're going to be marketing to a larger segment of the pyramid, people that are information gathering mode, people that are aware that they've got a problem or people that aren't even aware that they have a problem. If you're going out with a mass market type of valuebased marketing, then they're going to be like, "Wow, this is interesting." and then you're going to earn their attention. And if you can get somebody to consume something, then ultimately you're going to get a bigger chunk of those people to convert. So there are a few ways that we can do this. Now, the first one is by using something that I call long form copy. Copy is just messaging that you put out for people to read or consume. It can be in both video or it can be written copy. and whether you're selling a service or a product. Long- form copy is a phenomenal way to use valuebased marketing because if it's going to be of value, typically it's going to be longer in nature, but it can't just be longer for the sake of being longer. It has to be compelling. It has to keep people on the edge of their seat wanting to listen to the next word or watch the next word in a video. And the way that we do that is by basically taking all of the raw materials that we got from our Halo strategy and we think about where is our prospect right now and where is it that they want to go. And your messaging must scream that you have the ability to do that. Better yet, the ad in itself, it must get somebody closer to where it is that they want to go. Because the first transaction that takes place in business is when somebody gives you their name and email and contact details in exchange for something that it is that you want. And it is that contact details. It might be them to book in a phone call with you. It might be them to download an opt-in. And the best type of high-v value content offer that I have physically ever seen is a down and dirty PDF. The reason that they work so well, you can think about them as an ebook, is that it gives your prospect an immediate hit of dopamine and a tangible solution to a problem they've got right now. This does not need to be your magnum opus. It doesn't need to be a best-selling novel. It needs to be a high-value piece of content that solves an immediate specific burning problem where they download it, they go through the content, and they're like, "Geez, this was really, really good, and this person gave it to me for free." The information that you give away for free, it should be better than people's paid information, like courses that they're selling for 500 bucks. Your free information needs to be better than that so that when people go through that process and they consume it, they have gotten a disproportionate amount of value in that transaction. You've got their name and email address. They've gotten so much more value than giving that to you that the next logical step for them is to reach out and to book in a call with your team. When you do this right, you've already answered the biggest question that everybody has, which is, are you legit? And you've already basically delivered value in advance to them. And it makes the job of the sales team so much easier because that skepticism that is so rampant in the marketplace, it goes down because value is the antidote to skepticism. So that needs to be very very specific and you need to go out there in the marketplace and overd deliver on that first transaction. Now you might be thinking Sabrey, I have an e-commerce business. How is this applicable to me? First of all, in most businesses, it still is applicable because the reason that you buy products is to solve a problem. You might be buying some kind of moisturizer that solves eczema. So instead of saying buy my eczema cream, which only a very small percentage of the market is going to do, you can basically create a free report and a guide about natural remedies that help with eczema. And one of the points in that free guide can be your cream. If that's not the case, the other thing that works incredibly well is to create something called a video sales letter. And this is the same thing. You want to call out your audience that are experiencing a problem, but instead of saying buy my \[ \_\_ \] you are then educating them about all the things about the problem that it is that they've got, all the ailments, all the existing solutions in the marketplace and how they fall short. And then you pivot into your offer. But you need to make sure that everything leading up to that is informational in nature and that regardless of if someone watches the entire video sales letter and they don't buy, they still walk away with value. Now, when it comes to putting together either of these messages, you want to use my $7.8 billion copywriting formula, something called newif. And that is your message. It needs to be new. It needs to be unique. It needs to be exciting, easy, predictable, and huge. All of the messaging that you put out, it must signal all of these points because it signals to the user that this is new. It is novel. It is something that is worthy of my attention and I must pay attention to things that are new because that kind of scratches the shiny object syndrome and then you're going to get more people consuming your stuff. Now, it needs to be unique because it's got to be unlike anything that your marketer has ever seen or heard about before. It must be exciting. It must be a huge opportunity that has only become present now. It's also got to be easy. There is implied work to get the benefit that you're talking about. No one is going to watch it. Then the next point is it's got to be predictable. Even if it's easy, you must show me undeniable proof that a lot of people have gotten the benefits that the claims that you're making in your messages. So I know that even depending on all the objections that I've got and all the reasons that this is not going to work is that you have a parade of proof to show me that this whole formula, this system, this ingredients, whatever it is that it is that you're selling is going to be a predictable outcome for your audience. And then the last one is that it has to be huge. It can't be a small thing that's not very exciting because their news feed is going to be filled with so much other \[ \_\_ \] that is going to basically hijack their dopamine that they're going to want to pay attention to that unless the opportunity or the benefit that you're promising them is absolutely huge. Now, when you go through this process, what you're going to realize in order for your copy to be newif, it's got to be polarizing. And do not worry about that. You are competing with endless entertainment that exists in somebody's smartphone. That is the literal hunger games of attention. And unless your message cut through the market like a hot knife to butter, you're going to be dead on arrival. Do not worry about offending a few trolls and leaving negative comments on your ads. I often say, right, unless 50% of the comments on any content or ads that you put out are negative, then the party ain't popping. Because messages that are rewarded in the algorithm are ones that spark debate. And if you're speaking to everybody and you have some vanilla limp copy that doesn't offend anybody, then it's not going to be polarizing and you're going to be paying a disproportionate amount of money to reach those people. Which brings us to step number nine, which is to actually capture leads and contact information. So most people go out to their marketplace, as I've already established, and they try to sell them stuff straight out of the gate. We already know the customer acquisition cost is going to be very very high cuz we're marketing to 100 people but only speaking to 3% of people and we're basically neglecting the entire dating process that takes place in order to take a customer from who the hell are you to shut up and take my money or the other analogy that I like to use. It's effectively the same as walking into a bar and speaking to someone and asking them to marry you on the first date. You're not going to be very effective if you do so yet. That's what most business owners do. They're going out there and they're trying to marry complete strangers. There is a sequence of events and that's exactly the sequence of events that we want to run cold traffic to. And we're going to use a high value content offer to get out there and to actually get our market to raise their hand in a sea of people and say, "I'm interested in whatever it is that you've got." We can use that in the form of opting in and giving us their name and an email address in order to watch our free training, which is our video salesletter. or it could be to download a free piece of information, a cheat sheet, white paper, a swipe file, something that is going to give them an immediate solution to a pressing problem. Then you want to craft up a piece of information that specifically promises them the benefit that would be their dream solution. Then you wrap that up in a piece of information and you say, "If you want this, you have to give me your contact details." So that's how it starts. But then off the back end of that, once we've got those people to raise their hand in a sea of people, there's going to be a percentage of the people that do that that I call hyper reactive buyers. And these are the 3% that everyone else is marketing to. We're still going to market to them, but what we're also going to do is we're going to be getting the other 97% of the whole pyramid by going out there and using information instead of hard offers to get them to enter into our world. And then once they do that, we're going to hit them with something that I call a Godfather offer where we're going to capture a percentage of those hyperactive buyers and we're going to make them an offer straight out of the gate so that we can basically help them in a more intimate way solve their problems. And then we can extract those people out of the pyramid that are ready to buy right now while we continue to nurture, educate, sift, sort, and siphon the rest of the market to get them to a place where they are ready to buy. Which brings us to step number 10, my infamous Godfather strategy. What is it my prospects want and what is it that they need to do in order to get that offer? They're the two parts that make up an offer. The way that you get into the mindset of writing a Godfather offer is to sit down, have a couple of double shots of espresso. Forget about your lawyer, your accountant, your business partner. If you are the rain maker, you are the one that is responsible for bringing customers into your business. forget all these people and write down on paper what is the most ridiculous offer that you could ever come up with that you could tell nine out of 10 of your audience and they would literally be grabbing their credit card as you were explaining this offer what is it that that offer would look like then what we want to do after we've gotten that down on piece of paper is we want to then start to tone it back right and actually think about okay I can't deliver on that and start to wind it back to something that you can actually deliver on. So once you have got that, let me talk you through the actual seven parts that make up a Godfather offer. So the first thing is the rationale. How does this offer even exist in the first place? Why are you able to make this? Are you an industry insider? Do you have a specific business model that is super super lean where you can sell televisions directly from China, cut out all of the middlemen, and sell directly to the end consumer? That's the way that you're able to sell this product so cheap is because you have eliminated all this wastage in the supply chain. You need to set up why this offer even exists in the first place and how you are able to deliver on it. Because without a credible why, the offer just seems too good to be true and it won't seem believable. It will just seem like you're making some outlandish claims. So you do need to support that claim with the rationale of the offer behind it. Then the next part is to build value. So a transaction takes place where value exceeds price. And so effectively what our job as marketers is to do is to build as much value as possible when compared to the price that it is we're asking. A great way to do this is to build value to the everyday price. What everybody else charges or how much that this offer should be priced at based on the value that it is that you're delivering. You build value to that price point and then you do a striketh through or a drop-down price anchor and then you tell them what the everyday price is for whatever it is that you're selling. Which brings us to the third element, which is how do we even price this offer to make it irresistible in the first place. Well, what you want to do is you want to lead with the most aggressive price that you possibly can. Now, I hear the objections. I hear you saying, Sabry, how am I going to make any money if I do that? because that's what's going to make up the bulk of how irresistible our offer is. And we want to design it that we're going to make all of our money on the second and the third sale and that we don't need to make much money on the first sale. And that in itself is what makes it irresistible. It's taking something that people build their entire business off charging say $2,000 and then you're pricing it at $1.99 and they're like, "How is this even possible?" Like that's when you know you've got a good offer when your prospect is actually trying to justify how you can even make money doing it. Then you know, okay, I I'm off to a good place. And then you basically convert way more people than anyone else in your marketplace. And then you have the relationship with the customer and you make all your money on the second and third and fourth and fifth sale and so on and so forth. Now, this is nothing new. It's what businesses call loss leaders and they've been using them since the dawn of time. It's exactly why supermarkets sells diapers or nappies at almost break even, if not at a loss in some places, because they know that's what brings the mom into store. Then they can sell them the everyday items, the milk, the eggs, and all the expensive \[ \_\_ \] on the checkout as they check out. It's basically something to bring people into your world that then you then make money off the back end. The advantages of doing this is not only do you convert as many people as possible, you do that by going out to the marketplace with one price, right? One super compelling price point that doesn't burden the prospect with all of the different choices that are available and it makes that first sale the only logical solution. People will always value today money more than they value tomorrow money. And for that reason, we are going to always offer payment plans where we're going to split the overall price that we charge in our offer up into payment terms that they can pay 30, 60, 90s, maybe even over 12 months. And the reason that we do that is by doing it, we're going to get way more people saying yes to our offer because they're only saying yes to a smaller price today, which is the money that they value infinitely more than tomorrow's money. We're going to bring more people into our world. And it basically means the value in their mind for what they get right now is a lot higher than what they have to pay today in order to get access to it. Which brings us to part number five, premiums. So a premium is something that you are going to give in addition to the product that it is that they're buying for free. And the way that you should think about it is the premium that comes across with whatever it is that you're selling. It should be something that is so valuable that people could justify the price of what you're selling or what you're asking them to do just based off the premium alone. You want to give away all of your secrets and sell the implementation. Information is abundant. You can go on to Claude, Chat, GBT, Google, YouTube, Tik Tok, and get endless information. Heck, what do you think I'm doing here right now? This brings us to part number six of a Godfather offer, which is a power guarantee. Something that you must understand is that in every transaction, risk takes place, right? Risk is apparent and it's either you're asking the prospect to burden all that risk or you as a business owner is willing to burden the cost of that risk. And so most people when they hear about coming up with a very powerful guarantee, they all say the same thing to me, which is this sub. I can't guarantee that. because I do guarantee that there is going to be a percentage of my market that I aren't able to fulfill on that and that I'm going to need to give them their money back. And a money back guarantee is just one guarantee. So, let me unpack all of them for you. First of all, you have you buy this either doesn't deliver what it is it says it does. I will give you your money back. Pretty simple. Or you can have a 30-day money back guarantee where they change their mind, you will refund their money. Then you can have a conditional guarantee where either you buy this, you do all the things that I tell you to do and you still don't get the result, then I will give you your money back. That is another guarantee. Or another way for the people that are a little bit less risky or they're more riskadverse I should say. Then you can have something of like you can buy this product, do these things, either you still don't get the outcome that it is that we promise, we will continue to work for free or we will replace your product until you do get the outcome that it is that you want. So when people hear all that, they're like, "This is going to cost me." Guess what? If you're in most countries, you already have a guarantee by law. Most consumer law in most country, if you don't deliver on what it is that you say that you will, you have to give them money back. It's typical some kind of 12month guarantee. Or to look at it through another lens, if I did business with you and I wasn't happy and I came to you and I was like, "Hey man, like this didn't work out the way that we both intended it and I didn't get the outcome that I wanted." What is it that you would do? Most people would be like, I would work with them until they were happy if they're a good business owner. If that's the case, then you already have a guarantee, but you're just not using it on the front end as a marketing tool to bring more people into your world. And the thing is, if you're not doing that, then you are already paying the cost for having a guarantee. What do I mean by that? By not having a guarantee, you are paying the cost of an increased customer acquisition cost. Because if there is perceived risk in the transaction, then less people are going to respond or buy once they generate into a lead than you want them to. And so your customer acquisition cost gets inflated. And there is nothing that is more costly than a higher customer acquisition cost. So instead, by taking the thing that you are already doing in your business and simply using it and advertising it on the front end, you will get typically two to three times more people converting into your business. if you have a Godfather offer than if you just don't have a Godfather offer. If you look at your customer acquisition cost right now, just basically reduce 70% off that. That's what it is that it's costing you to not have a guarantee right now. So, can you still not afford to have a guarantee? I dare say you probably can. But the way that you want to do this is you do want to tie it to performance where possible. It can't just be a situation where basically people are coming in and milking it. However, if you just look at what the redemption rates are on most guarantees, it's typically less than 3%. If you have like more than 3%, it means that you're making uncompliant claims and the offer is probably too strong and you need to tone it down a little bit or you need to soften up the guarantee so that you don't have such a high guarantee or the way that you're selling right now is wrong. If you have less than a 1% then I would say that your your marketing isn't aggressive enough and you need to push it even more cuz you could be getting way more customers coming in if you're a little bit more aggressive. So examples of this might be if you follow our system, you come in and do our workouts, you're going to lose 9 kgs in 12 weeks. And if you don't, we will give you your money back. We will work with you for free until you do lose the 9 kgs. Which brings us to the seventh point of a Godfather offer, which is scarcity. So offers without scarcity, they simply don't convert because there's no reason for me to buy right now, then I won't. And delay is the death of a sale. If I can come back and it's like a book on a bookshelf and this offer is always going to be there and I can just come back whenever it suits me and pick this book off the bookshelf and have it, then I'm never going to act. There's no urgency. And so here's the thing. In a world of fake scarcity and countdown timers and people not being genuine, you cannot just go out to the marketplace and say things that aren't genuine. People do the sniff test, right? They do the Google sniff test. They go check out if you're legit. And if you're not legit, the word's going to get out very, very quickly and then that fake scarcity is going to come and bite you on the ass. So, the way to build real scarcity in your business, real scarcity exists in every business. If you're selling e-commerce products, I assume you don't have unlimited inventory sitting in your warehouse, right? There's a limit. There's a stock limit. So, advertise that. Let it be known. If you do want to buy, there's a window of time that you have to buy cuz offers with scarcity convert. You just got to make sure that the scarcity is genuine. So, now you have all the seven points that make up a Godfather offer. Do this for your own business. But then once you've got it, what you want to do is you want to scream this thing from the rooftop so that it disseminates everywhere and everyone can see this thing. That's how you actually get a huge amount of people to come in and want to do business with you. So in terms of our landing pages, our video sales letter and our ads and putting this offer absolutely everywhere we can. This brings us to step number 11\. So here are the nine questions that every sales message must answer. Whether it's a Google ad, it's a Facebook ad, it's a video sales letter, it's a landing page, it's a product description page, or it's even your homepage. If you don't answer these nine questions, you'll never be converting as much traffic and bringing in as much customers as you possibly can. Question number one, is this of personal interest to me? If you've done your Halo strategy research, you know who it is that you're trying to talk to of your dream buyer. your headline, it needs to scream directly to that person and say that this information is directly of interest to me. And the way that you do that is to make sure that you have a big specific benefit that that market wants more than anything else. And then you also wrap it up with some element of intrigue. It's not enough in today's day and age just to go out and say, "This is the big benefit that you'll get if you pay interest to this." It has to be intriguing. And the way that you do that is by answering the first fundamental question. How does this apply to me? And an easy down and dirty way of doing this, it's lazy, but it works every single time is just to call out the target market. Attention 40-year-old men who have 12 kilos to lose. Attention business owners who want more customers. You just pick exactly who it is that you're trying to talk to and you say it right there in the eyebrow or the headline of the ad. Question number two is, why should I pay attention to this right now? In a world of endless distraction and infinite options, why is there a time-sensitive window of why I should choose to actually pay with my attention on what it is that you're asking me to do right now? If it's not urgent, if it's not time-sensitive, then I will delay. And delay is the death of a sale. And so, in order to do that, you must sell the consumption of the actual ad in itself. Because if they don't consume it, they're not going to convert. You can't basically take it for granted that they're going to get to the end of your sales message and buy. You must sell the consumption in itself. Question number three is, is this the exact specific solution that I need? So, you need to make it very, very clear on how your offer solves their specific problem, how it's different from the other alternatives that they have tried and that it's almost like that this offer was custommade for them. And they feel like you've been reading their Gmail, right? their G- chats, their WhatsApp messages, and it's as if you've listened to what they're saying and you've crafted this specific offer directly for them. That's how it needs to feel when they come across your ads and your offer. Not a generic solution that would be applicable to everyone, but a very unique specific solution directly for them. Question number four is, what is newif? What is new, unique, exciting, easy, predictable, and huge about the offer that it is you're making? Question number five, what is the undeniable proof that what you're saying is actual a reality, not what it is that you just think. No, you must bring the receipts. You must be able to prove without a shadow of a doubt like you are trying to convince a jury, right? That there should so much undeniable, unquestionable proof that what you're saying is true. Screenshots, reviews, average results that people get. And the more that it is undeniable, the more powerful that it is. So you can't just say it, you need to show it. Show don't tell. The best way to do this is to create a folder on your computer called proof. Whenever you see something that is proof of the claims that you're making, it's a five-star review. It's someone in a Facebook group that you got your customers on. It's an email from a client. It's somebody's ad accounts. You take a little screenshot. You whip it into that bad boy. when it comes time to build your landing pages or put together your offers that you've got an entire parade of proof that proves to your prospects the claims that you're making are true. Which brings us to question number six, which is how does it actually work? So now you've got them emotionally bought in. You've kind of presented it as being this new, unique, exciting, easy, predictable, and huge solution that's going to solve all these things. Now you actually got to run them through the logistics so that their rational brain can kind of start to logistically understand and logically rationalize the sale and go, "Okay, cool. This is what I'm going to get. These are what the steps are going to be." And you got to do that. You can't just sell purely off emotion. You need to sell to both the different parts of the brain if you want to convert as many people as possible. The seventh question is what are other people saying about it. So this is where you want to use both written testimonials and also video testimonials. You want to use screenshots of emails that you receive, text messages. You need to have some mechanism in your business for collecting reviews so that you can show people all of these different elements because you can sit here as long as you want and tell everybody how it's irresistible, talk about the price, talk about all this rationale, but ultimately people are going to be skeptical as \[ \_\_ \] And the more that you can point to other people of them saying, "Hey, these are all the great benefits that I've got," they're going to believe that infinitely more than whatever it is that you're saying. Question number eight is, what guarantee do you have that this is actually going to work for me? It's all well and true. You've made these claims. You've showed me all of these people that have gotten the same benefit that you're promising me, but I still don't believe you. I'm still highly skeptical. I am a unique snowflake. I am very different to all of these customers that you showed me. My problems are unique. My business is unique. My customers are unique. I want a written guarantee. And that's what people expect. So, you want to basically put an absolute irresistible guarantee in front of them that you're removing all of the risk that you're asking them to place in order to buy your product. You are burdening all of that risk. And then that is the way that you're logically going to convert as many of these people as possible. When they look at your offer and they say, "I've got nothing to lose." And the the further that you are away from that scenario where they have nothing to lose and they have something to lose, the less people that you will convert. Which brings us to the last question, which is what do you want me to do next? Most people gloss over this and they think that people are just going to know what you want them to do. No, no, no. You must explicitly tell them exactly what it is that you want them to do. You don't just say, "Click on this link and book in a phone call." No. You must say, "Click on this link. You will be taken to a short survey. Fill this out so we can really customize your entire solution for you. We can identify what the bottlenecks and constraints are into your business. And then we can create a road map of exactly what the step-by-step process is to take you from where you are right now to where it is that you want to go. Cuz that way objections are handled, questions are answered, and conversion rates skyrocket. and they are the nine questions that every single sales message must answer. If you make sure that you're doing this at every single step of your funnel, your conversion rates will absolutely skyrocket. Your funnels will pull their heads off and your offers will go absolutely batshit nuclear on the internet. So once you've gone through this entire process step by step, you've built out all of these things. The first place that you're going to arrive at is I've got all this in place now. How do I let people know about it? So, if you like this video, I've put together a very detailed step-by-step guide that takes you from A to Z on everything that you need to do as a complete beginner or an advanced media buyer to set up Facebook ads and get them in front as many people as possible, get them raising their hands, converting in your funnel, and ultimately showing up in your bank account as that sweet and juicy rorowaz. Like, subscribe, and I'll see you in the next  
If your business isn't growing as fast as you like it, it's because of your marketing. I have built over 2,000 funnels in a,067 different industries to generate my clients over $7.8 billion in sales. So, I know a thing or two about marketing. I speak to thousands of business owners every single month, and there are three big mistakes that all of them are making with their marketing. But before we dive into what these mistakes are, let's take a look at what good marketing actually looks like. First things first, it is not about having the sexiest, shiniest logo or the most clean brand aesthetic on your Instagram feed. Marketing simply has one job and that is to make sales redundant. Because when your marketing is good enough, you have built up so much pent up demand that people are already sold. Just think about an Apple store. When you go in there, does the sales representative need to close you or do they need to do a big job in selling you in what it is you should buy? No. They are simply order takers. And that's because their marketing is so good. It has built such a white hot desire that people go into those stores already completely sold. How do we actually do this? Well, the first thing that you need to do is intimately understand the pain of your prospects. Now, before you go, oh, I've heard all of this before. No, no, no, you haven't. Because if you had, your conversion rates would be through the roof. Instead of focusing on what it is that you've got to sell, focus on the pain that your prospect is trying to solve. Because your product, it is really a barrier in between the prospect going from the pain that they're experiencing to the pleasure that it is they want. If they could just go straight from the pain to the thing that they wanted and not buy your product, that's what they want. So don't focus on the product. Focus on the pain. And that's why most of the most successful businesses, it starts off with a founder who has experienced the pain in themselves. They know exactly who the avatar is because they were once them. So they can speak specifically to that person. It's like the fitness trainer who had a baby and then put on a whole bunch of weight and then wanted to shed that weight. They know all the niggles. And once you have dimensionalized that pain and really made it very clear to your prospect that you know exactly what it is that they're going through, this is when you start to hint at the solution to that problem. And you start to say like, "Hey, you've probably tried intermittent fasting. You've probably tried to do the Paleo diet. You've probably tried keto. All of this stuff and you still haven't lost weight." And there is a reason that you haven't lost that weight. This is us fanning the flames of desire. We know what you've gone through. We know what you've tried. And we know why you're still not where you want to be. And we've got the solution to get you there. And bad marketing is trying to have a convincing argument with the prospect. Where great marketing is a compelling offer. Because a compelling offer is 10 times more powerful than a convincing argument. It's like this offer is so compelling that I am just going to buy. I don't need to be convinced. The offer in itself is good enough. And that is the sign that your marketing is hitting. Which brings us to mistake number one. When it comes to putting together ads or a funnel or anything that's going to be selling your product or service, they sit down, they talk about their company, how long they've been in business, they speak about their founders, then they list out all of the services and features of whatever it is that they've got, and they murder the money. I can hear it right now. That is the sound of money being murdered. Instead, what you want to do is you want to be thinking about where does my prospect want to be? What is the big benefit that them buying my product or service unlock for them? When you start speaking about the desired end state, that's when you start to see conversion rates go through the absolute roof. Because people don't give a \[ \_\_ \] about you or your company or the products and services that you've got, despite what you think, despite having these little rooms where you sit down with branding experts and they talk about the pan tones of your color palette. That's not the things that makes the cash register ring. The thing that they care about is themsel and the problem that they've got and where they want to get to. That's the only thing that they care about. And therefore, you need to be focusing all of your marketing efforts around them and what it is that they want. Your job when you run ads is to get people to raise their hand in a sea of people and say, "I have got this problem that you say that you can help me solve." And that's all that you want to do. When you start talking about the prospect, all you need to do is look at the number of times that you say your company's name, we or our versus you and your, and speaking directly to the prospect. And 80% of the messaging in all of your ads should be talking about them. And only 20% should be talking about your system, your products, your service, and how you solve that. And the way that we solve this is in the first couple of seconds of your ads, you need to very clearly state first that you understand the problem. Right? That is what we call dog whistle copy. It is a specific words that basically tell the market this is specifically for you. Then the second thing that we need to do is we need to show them the exact outcome that they can expect to achieve by paying attention. Which brings us to the third point. We need to sell them on paying attention to this right now. So they don't go on to all the other chaos that is in their news feed or in their day. So, in my infamous sell like crazy ads that have probably stalked you all over the internet, you'll see that while the ad opens up and it specifically kicks the bruised knee of my prospect incredibly hard because my market is hyper jaded from all the gurus that are popping up in their newsfeed selling them solutions. I need to spend a good chunk of time really just putting a little bit of vinegar into that wound, right? And kicking the bruise knee and saying, "Hey, I know the problem and I know it intimately well." But what you'll also see is that while the ad creative itself intimately goes into the problem, there's always a big benefit in the headline that I partner with that ad. So the way that I do that is that I frame before they've even watched the ad that there is a big specific benefit with a lot of intrigue so that they want to watch it and then they watch it because everyone's making offers, right? Everyone's saying you're going to get this big benefit. I know my market intimately well. I stalk these people. I have been studying them obsessively for many many years and I know the number one thing that they want more than anything is hundreds of highquality leads that show up credit card in hand and that buy with the least resistance possible. So I have to state that straight up in the headline of the ad. Then we go into unpacking all the problems that they've got. Running a business is stressful. It's like sticking a scorpion chili up your ass and walking across a bear trail of Lego naked or whatever it was that I said. It's like sticking a ghost pepper up your ass and walking barefoot on a trail of Lego. \>\> That is like there's humor and that there's also some truth to it. Right? It is very very hard to run a business. So I'm not only kicking the bruised knee but I'm also empathizing with them and I'm showing them that I understand them because I am them. Then we get to the solution. And because you know in any given market like the skepticism is just going up and up and up because the barriers to entry to start a business in this day and age is pretty much nothing. It's like an internet connection and Tik Tok account and you're in business. And so because of that, the internet has been proliferated with people that don't know what the \[ \_\_ \] that they're talking about. They're making offers. People are buying those offers. Then the market is figuring out these people don't know what the \[ \_\_ \] they're talking about. And then they don't know how I'm different to that person who doesn't know what they're talking about. So the only way that I can prove to those people that I know in fact what the \[ \_\_ \] I'm talking about is to actually prove it in the ad. And that's why your ads and your marketing need to be valuable in themselves. So I spent the first half of my ad saying, "You've probably tried this. Your life is probably like this. This is the pain." And then you probably want this big benefit. And I make them a little claim. Well, let me show you that I can actually help you by actually helping you right now in this ad. And once you do this, you just start to see that click-through rates go up, the conversion rates go through the roof because you're already answering the biggest question in the prospect's mind. Is this going to work for me? and you've already started to demonstrate in the actual ad itself, you're already giving them the little entree, the little tester, the little orurve to actually prove that this food actually tastes good and that you know what you're talking about. So that's mistake number one, the buried benefit, which brings us to the second mistake. Whenever you're putting together an ad, most people think about the product or service that they're selling as an insider. They are somebody that is an insider into their industry. And all different industries have their own vernacular and their own terminology. What people do is they forget about what it was like when they were the customer and they load it up with all this jargon and these highly technical terms that alienate people. You want to speak to your prospect like a fifth grader. You want to make sure that everybody in your market would be able to understand exactly what it is that you're saying by using language that is written at a fifth grade reading level. When I started to do this with my ads, my conversion rates shot up through the freaking roof because you will never alienate somebody by making something too clear. The moment that they hear one piece of information that they don't understand, they skip. They move on to the next thing. They're not going to burden the mental load of trying to decipher what it is that you're talking about. It needs to be Sesame Street simple. And the reason that people make this mistake is that they think that they need to sound super technical and super advanced in what it is that they do in order to kind of flex to the market that they know what they're talking about. And people just tune out. They're like, "Bro, this is too much. Like, just keep it simple. Use the big benefit and just communicate it in a way that is just black and white and super super simple to understand." They don't need to know all the technicalities. that doesn't show to them that you know what you're talking about more because you're using all these technical terms. But like a sign of a true expert is that someone that can take something that's so complex and they can boil it down into something that's just super super simple. And a great hack for doing this is you take whatever marketing collateral that you're going to put out, whether it's an ad, it's a piece of website copy, or it's a script for a video ad, and put it through an app called the Hemingway app. And what that is is it's a free app. You can basically put your copy in there and it will show you all the places that your language is just too technical. It will also show you the flesh king score, which is the reading level, and you just keep editing your copy until you get out all of these little snags. And it's super simple to understand. There's nothing that's going to confuse people. And when your message is easy to consume, your conversion rates go through the roof. Instead of using industry terms and vernacular, what you want to do is you want to use the exact verbatim language that your prospects speak in. And the best place to get this stuff is to go on to Reddit forums, to look at your comments on your ads, to look at comments on YouTube videos. And you want to literally copy exactly what it is they're saying and then put them into a swipe file. You don't want to rewrite them. You do not want to edit them. You want to use them verbatim because that is your market, right? Amazon reviews, all of those kind of things. So you're not thinking about all the technical terms. You're thinking about exactly how my market speaks. So the only way to actually improve the conversion rate is to improve the consumption. And the way that you do that is by making your message in itself super easy to consume. And that's mistake number two, jargon overload. Which brings us to the third mistake. Most people think that they can sit down and that they can just make an offer to people, that they can just claim that you're going to get this benefit from buying my product or service. However, the market is extremely jaded as we've just covered. And if you're going out there and you're like, "Okay, here's how to lose weight." Bro, that ad may have worked 50 years ago, you can't even say, "Here's how to lose 10 kgs." You can't even do any of that anymore because the market is just so jaded. And other than just providing value to your marketplace, the thing that you need to make sure that it is present in all of your ads, funnels, and messaging is that the proof of what you've got is louder than the claims that you're making. Because in a world where marketers are just all competing with each other and it's pretty much a game of who can scream the offer to the marketplace louder than the other person. And so you need to pile on the undeniable undoubtable proof of exactly the benefit that you're saying that you've achieved this hundreds if not thousands of times for your marketplace. Yes, this person did this and they got XYZ result. And then in the prospect's mind they're like, "Yeah, but that's a woman and I'm a man or that person's young and I'm old." Then you bring up the next avatar. So there is so much unquestionable proof on there that the prospect is like, "Okay, that's a big benefit. I really want that." So all of that doubt that I have in my mind has been addressed because the proof is louder than the claims. So let's just say that you're a marketing agency and you're saying, "Hey, you can help people generate 100 leads, 50 leads, or you can get them higher Google rankings." Every time you make a a claim, you need to back it up with proof regardless of whatever it is that you've got. If you're in property investment and you're like, "This is how you can get a 300% return on your investment in property, blah blah blah blah blah." Again, show me, show me the proof, bro. I need to see the receipts. You can't simply say it anymore because there's already a thousand other guys in the feed that is saying the same thing, right? There is something called the Facebook pixel. And what it does is as soon as somebody clicks on a fitness ad or a property investment ad or a digital marketing ad, it signals to the algorithm that this person's in the market and then guess what's happens? There is a flood of ads that show up and chase them all around the internet that know that they're in the market that and guess what all those ads are doing? They're all shouting claims. So it's almost a game of who can have the most proof is going to be the most compelling. And when you fix the skepticism by constantly providing undeniable proof and also showing people that you can help them by actually helping them. Then all the resistance to buy gets removed and all the doubts around, yeah, I'm different. This is not going to work for me. I've tried something similar. How do I know this is going to work? You're answering that objection in the actual ad. Because the thing holding people back from responding to your ads and your messaging is that they don't believe it. So, when you're constantly peppering them with proof all throughout it, this is how you double your leads and half your customer acquisition cost, which is mistake number three, claims louder than the proof. And if you can solve making these three mistakes in your marketing, I promise you, whatever the rorowaz is on your ads, whatever your cost per lead is, whatever your customer acquisition cost is, that \[ \_\_ \] is going to drop in half. The rorowaz is going to double and it's going to go through the roof. And if you liked this video, you're going to absolutely love this one that I made on how to create a hero mechanism for your business to take things even to the next level. Like, subscribe, and I'll see you in the next

This is how to make FU money with Facebook ads. I've spent over $200 million on Facebook ads in over a thousand different niches to generate my clients over $7.8 billion in sales. Everything I'm about to give you is what's working right now. This isn't one of those stepbystep tutorials by some Facebook guru geek about how to set up a business page or install a Facebook ad pixel. This is the actual source. This is the playbook to go from $100 a day to $1,000 a day to $100,000 a day and make an obscene amount of money with Facebook ads. When it comes to creating Facebook ad training, it is very difficult to create an evergreen training because the platform changes so frequently. And therefore, the half-life of the knowledge and the skills that you can get from understanding Facebook is not in the media buying stuff. It's in the psychological stuff and the copyrightiting which I'm going to be running through in great detail today. Everything that I tell you in this, if you follow it to a tea, it will get you success. Now, when it comes to Facebook and where it kind of fits in when you're looking at a market. So, in any given market, there are 3% of the market that's looking to buy right now. Then you've got the 17% that are in information gathering mode. Then the 20% problem aware and also the 60% of people that aren't problem aware. Now, the reason that I love Facebook is that we get to target the entire pyramid using it because we are pushing a message in front of an audience whether they are even thinking about it or not. And it's just our ability to be able to articulate the problems that they are experiencing or may experience in the future and then run them through our funnel and warm them up and nurture them and educate them to a time where they are ready, willing, and able to buy. The biggest pitfall that I see with people that run ads on these platforms is that they obsess over the algorithms and they really do think that the advantage to grow their business lies in their targeting and their account structure. These people are broke gurus that are just trying to sell you a course and make things very very technical and complex and the only way to get the answers is to buy their crappy course. You do not want to focus on algorithms and you do not want to obsess over algorithms. You want to obsess over people and understanding their human psychology and what gets them to click, what gets them to engage because those things will always far outweigh the media buyer. You can have the best media buyer in the planet that doesn't really understand how to put together what I call high dopamine ads. They will get completely slaughtered by the amateur media buyer that goes in broad targeting the worst account structure known to man and has an ad that is absolutely dynamite. There's not even a comparison to it. If we know that we need to obsess over people, the biggest question that we really need to ask is what gets people to engage. We know that if we're going to have high engagement ads, we're going to get a disproportionate output to the other advertisers on that platform. So then the question is, what is it that I need to put in my ads to get people to engage? So every year what I do is Facebook puts out a transparency report in their transparency center of the most widely viewed content report is what they call it. and they just tell you every single quarter, every single year, what is the content that is getting viewed and shared and liked the most. This is the most widely viewed pages on the whole of Facebook. You can see Lad Bible is number one. It gets 126 million.4 content views. Then Unilad 117 million. Enewes 116 million. People magazine 109\. TMZ 89 million. Lad Bible Australia 86 million. So, what do you notice about even just the top three most viewed pages on the whole of Facebook? They are all news. That's all these websites do is they deliver news and gossip in one way, shape, or form. Because if we know that that's what the most people are going to Facebook and they're sharing and they're doing all the things, then you best bet that that's what we want to make sure that our ads do. And you might be thinking like, I don't want to put out these breaking news style ads or I don't want to be like a gossip magazine, right? The reality of is is you're going to advertise on these platforms is that do not hate the player, hate the game. We're not going to change human psychology and what drives people. What we want to do is we want to tap into that like the jetream and just make our business fly along with already that existing behavior that is present on these platforms. With those findings, your ad has just two jobs just to make it very very simple. The first one is to deliver news, value or findings because that's what people want. That's what people are clicking on. So therefore, we must engineer our ads in a way that they're either delivering one of these things or ideally all of these things. The second thing that it must do is sell the click. There must be so much curiosity baked into this thing that we get a disproportionate click-through rate to all the other advertisers on the platform. And then Facebook and Mr. Zucks comes and rewards us with the best inventory and the lowest CPMs. What drives a click? Curiosity is the most powerful out of all of them. And we're going to break down exactly what all of these people are doing on these platforms. And I'm going to showcase exactly the strategies that they're using. Intrigue, shock, direct benefit, implied benefit that the user will get. Fear, vanity, self-interest. How is it of use to me? The other things are better, richer, stronger, faster, healthier, happier, sexier, fitter, and smarter. That's the things that people care about. And so, what you can see on screen right now is just three of my ads. If we look at the first ad, this client getting hacked feels illegal. That has a lot of curiosity baked into there. Then you have myself sitting in front of a computer holding a USB that is shiny with a big red arrow pointing to it. And it says, "This client hack feels illegal. How would you like 90 to 480 qualified leads per month from people who have jumped through all types of hoops? Dot dot dot. It's got the big benefit and it's got lots of intrigue on there. Then you've got good old Captain Elon on here and it says big boy Elon loves this funnel. Tesla of client acquisition. Watch carefully then click. Why does Elon love this funnel? Why is he laughing? How is this the Tesla of client acquisition? I want to know a little bit more. Let me click on it. And then the same on the next one. Get four clients this week with a Tesla funnel. Try it. This is what I call a hyperdopamine ad. Your ad is competing with the mind field of attention and the war that is present in every single person's category, in their industry, and in their business. You are no longer competing with Joe or Bob or Sally down the street. You are competing with Netflix and TMZ, the UFC, and all of this wild stuff that is on the internet. Your ad must flood your prospect's brain with dopamine because we are dopamine seeking machines. That's what the human brain is. There is way more dopamine that is going to be released from someone clicking on a Instagram model or on a latest sporting event or this gossip than it is what it is that you've got. Then you've already lost. The war is over. So that's the context that you need to think about your ads in. We must go out there and hijack our prospects attention. This is the anatomy of a hyperdopamine ad. The first it starts with an eyeball grabbing headline and this one is this client getting hacked feels illegal. Typically I say that the hierarchy of the way that someone views an ad is that they first have a scroll stopping image that gets them to stop scrolling on the feed and go what's going on here. Once they look at that image then they go down to the eyeball grabbing headline. So let's discuss headlines. When it comes to headlines again we never want to guess what are the best type of headlines. What is it that I could put in my ads that's going to get me a disproportionate click-through rate? We want to follow the attention. And so what I outlined to you before is all of the most viewed pages on Facebook. Their content is the most viewed on all of Facebook. So those three most followed pages is Unilad. They got 41 million likes and 50 million followers. Lad Bible, 37 million likes, 49 million followers. And ENews, 10 million likes, and 12 million followers. So that's exactly what we're going to look at. What are these guys doing? So, Unilad, we've got this picture of this weird looking robot thing with a little, you know, secondary image with the Google headquarters on there. Former Google worker and tech pioneer issues alarming AI warning that will affect millions. So, it's definitely breaking news. The image is weird as hell and this is affecting millions. It's the mass market. Then the next one, viewers in shock after making crazy discovery following the release of insane new Ashley Madison documentary. Again, secondary image. We've got the primary image that is very weird. And then we've got the secondary image that adds a little bit more intrigue to it. And then the second one on this one, we've got this gentleman that's not looking directly at us. It looks like a very native image. This is for Tyler, another news platform that's got huge amounts of likes. And then we've got, you know, an image of a woman going shush. Viewers in shock. These are the modern-day attention hijacking gangsters that are on the internet. But this isn't some new strategy. This is literally being used for hundreds and hundreds of years. And so the OGs, and these guys are still rocking and rolling today, are these gossip magazines that you see in the supermarket checkout aisles. There's the woman or man there. There's three kids on them. They're screaming. They've got the trolley full of food and they're about to go into the checkout and speak to the cashier or go through the selfch checkckout. And there is an aisle there with newspapers and magazines. And they have the most compelling copy to be able to grab that person in the middle of all of that action and get them to pick up the magazine. that have a slippery slope that gets them to go and buy the actual magazine. It's no different to what we do online. We get someone to raise their hand and click on an ad, and then the slippery slope is to get them to opt into our funnel. It's the same thing here. If you look at all of these covers, you can notice that they've all got lots of punchy intrigue and curiosity written all over them. Six Bad Habits that are really healthy, Costa Comes Clean, Save Big on Energy, Seven Hot Tips, Michelle's $15 million tell all. All of this copy here is just sprinkled with intrigue. I'm just showing you this to show you that none of this stuff is new. This is all based on principles that have been working for hundreds if not thousands of years and will continue to work for hundreds if not thousands of years. So then if we come across to Lad Bible and you just look like this is their content. If you go onto their page, you'll notice something. So all of them have a primary image and then a secondary image because having both doesn't allow the human brain to get bored quickly and you're trying to comprehend two things. And when you're trying to comprehend two things that stop somebody to get their brain to try and comprehend it. That's the goal. Because if it stops them, it will get them to read the headline. So it's all architected in a strategic way. Death row inmate made huge requests for last meal with 11 different items before being killed. What's going on here? I can see a little secondary image of a lobster. I'll rattle a few of these off. Frank Warren explains Tyson Fury's behavior in defense of post-fight interview comments. What were those comments? I want to know. Psychologist shares three signs to look out for that suggest your partner is manipulating you. What to do if you are stung by an Asian hornet as the UK put on alert. Okay, the UK's been put on alert. What What do I need to do if I get stung by this? And it goes on and on and on, right? I'm not going to read all the headlines to you. you will start to see commonalities and I'm going to be breaking down those frameworks and I'm going to show you exactly how you need to apply them to your ads. But I want to set the scene for the battlefield that you are competing for attention for. This is what it looks like. Here is a list of the most popular celebrity gossip websites. Yahoo, OMG, TMZ, E Online, People, US Magazine, Wonder Wall, Gawker, and Zimio. You want to be a student of markets. You don't ever want to sit down to write your ads with a blank canvas. Do you want to go on, you want to get inspiration, get the creative juices flowing, go and look at these websites, go and see what it is that they're doing and get those creative juices really bubbling up and flowing inside you. Now, I'm going to show you what these guys do from a content standpoint. And I'm going to show you how to swipe and deploy them for your own specific ads. So, let's look at Taylor Swift. Taylor Swift fans are going wild after spotting X-rated detail on Singer during errors to a concert. You might be thinking, how am I going to make that applicable to me? So Aussies going wild after spotting home loan hack. It's the same methodology, but we're channeling it to what it is that we're selling. So you might be a mortgage broker. Just by saying Aussies are going wild after spotting this home loan hack. Anybody that is either one looking to get a home loan or has a home loan and is looking to refinance that home loan, they see that headline, that's immediately going to get their attention. Let's look at the next one. iPhone user advised to do one thing to mobile to stop battery from draining. Again, you think this is just pointless clickbait. No, it's not. It is a lesson. CEOs advised to do one thing before going home to their family. You might be, you know, a coach that works with executives on either optimizing their hormones and their energy or whatnot. There's always a way to get inspiration from these platforms and make it relevant to your business. Or what about this one? Insane new documentary that less viewers screaming overtakes baby reindeer as knocked off the top spot. Insane new mindset trick leaves anxiety sufferers speechless. If you're a coach that helps people with anxiety, man buys mystery reptile egg to hatch and see what's inside. Miami mom discovers mystery metabolism booster. Yes, it I was somebody that is helping pre or post menopausal women lose weight. I'm going to want to know what the hell that thing is. Next one. Secret way to find out who called you without using Google. Secret way to find $5 million of business funding without banks. True story behind Twisted New Netflix documentary that knocked Baby Reindeer off the number one spot. True story behind Twisted 56 kilo weight loss journey. Anyone that's looking to lose weight is going to want to click on that and find out more. I can hear it right now. Subri, this is all trash. And there is no way at all that I'm going to associate this business that I have poured so much blood, sweat, and tears into to have it use these clickbait tactics. No reputable organization would ever do that. What are you asking me to do, you madman? So, let's take a look at the most popular news websites, right? They were the kind of gossip magazines that I showed you. Now, if we switch gears to the news websites, CNN, the New York Times, it has like just an air of prestige to it. Whenever you hear the New York Times, it's just so credible, right? They would never ever scoop so low to use these tactics. The New York Times, our patience is over, why Iraqis are protesting. Again, lots of intrigue. ex-worker at the UK consulate in Hong Kong says China tortured him. You can see that they try and leave out a lot of the stories, but they get very specific very quickly. And then there is a huge unknown. There is a huge amount of intrigue and the only way to close that intrigue gap is by clicking. Malter arrest businessman as person of interest in journalist killing. So the thing that these all have present in them is their pulling power. How much do they pull the attention of the audience and get them to pay attention? This is the most universal advertising mental model and framework that I can give you. I don't care what platform that you end up in the years to come. How the business landscape changes, you will always always be able to use this framework in everything that you do to dramatically improve the performance, your return on investment, your return on ad spend, your click-through rate, lower your cost per purchase. is you apply this framework to every single ad that you ever put out. What I have found from spending $200 million on ads generating $7.8 billion in sales in over a,000 plus niches that this is the framework. So on one end we have clickbait and if you just provide clickbait in your ads that is not a good user experience and then on the other end if you just have a targeted big benefit that your market wants without any clickbait then that is also not a good experiment. What you really want is where the two of them meet and you want to have a combination of clickbait and a targeted benefit in your ad. And that is what we call a hyperdopamine ad. Clickbait has a negative connotation to it. But just think about the word in itself. It is a bait for somebody to click. What do the platforms want? They want people to click and they want them to engage. So the opposite of clickbait is an ad that no one wants to click. And if you do that, you will be penalized by the ad platform by showing its users things that aren't of interest to them. You want your ad to be clickbait. You want it to be a hyperdopamine ad that people literally can't help but want to click on. Do not have a negative stigma towards the word clickbait. You want to make sure that you've got intrigue in your ad, a huge amount of burning intrigue, and then also a targeted benefit. And there need to be that intersection where you get a hyperdopamine ad. So, let me show you an example right now of what we call blind clickbait. You won't believe what Ivanka Trump does in the morning. Who's that going to get? Only people that maybe like Ivanka Trump or know about her. It's just going to be just raw intrigue. She's just like us, it says in the sub headline. So, that's what we call blind intrigue. You definitely do not want to do that on your ads because if you do that, you're not telling the algorithm how to sift, sort, and siphon through their audience to find the people that are going to be relevant to the big benefit that it is that you want. Now, look at this. Supermodels apply these three simple tricks to look younger. Click to know what they are. That is what we call intrigue with a benefit. Cuz you've still got the intrigue around supermodels are doing these three simple things. You're going to target people that want to look younger and they want to know what these supermodels are doing to look younger. So, you're going to get people that are in that niche. Whereas on the first one, it's just completely blind. You're going to get everybody. So, that's the difference between the two. This is the formula. We want to have a pattern interrupt. We want to use an image that interrupts somebody's pattern. Then, we want to have burning intrigue in the headline. We also want to target that with a big specific benefit that we know that our market wants. That is what equals a hyperdopamine ad. So, whenever you're looking at the ad that you're producing, you need to say, "Does it tick these three criterias? Does it interrupt someone's pattern? Is it weird? Is there something intriguing going on in the creative? Does that create enough burning intrigue in both the creative and the headline? And am I promising a big specific benefit to the audience if they do click it?" So, we've gone into the headline side of things. Now, let's go into the patent interrupt side of things. A patent interrupt is done both in the creative itself, in the actual image, and you can see me here. I'm holding the USB stick and I'm staring deep into your eyes, deep into your soul. It's a black background. It looks mysterious. That's going to stop the scroll. And then it's this client getting hacked feels illegal. So, we're not only doing a patent interrupt on the creative itself. Then we are doing a patent interrupt on leading because why does it feel illegal? That is interrupting my pattern. And then the next thing is we're creating the burning intrigue by why am I holding a USB stick? And then I'm alluding to that this client getting hacked that feels illegal must be on that USB stick. Well, what is it and why is it illegal? There's so much intrigue in there that I just got to click. We're also hitting the burning intrigue in the actual headline of the ad itself where it says, "This client getting hacked feels illegal. Watch carefully then click." It's not just intriguing because we have the benefit client getting. This is going to attract people that are looking to get more clients. Let's look at another one. Here's the patent interrupt here. I wish I'd purchased it a lot sooner, but I was scared of the price. When I realized how good the Iron Neck Pro was, I realized you couldn't put up price on health. That could be done a little bit better, but boy is that image a pattern interrupt. You've got Joe Rogan on there with this weird disc plate around his neck. He's gritting his teeth in this very aggressive position, and it just it interrupts you like, "What the hell is that?" Right? And then you want to read on more. The burning intrigue is caused by that weird contraction that is on his head. And then the headline says, "The secret to getting rid of neck pain." That's a big specific benefit as well because anybody that has neck pain and sees this and there is a secret, they're going to click. Now, let's look at another one um from High Smile. These guys are a billion-dollar advertiser. They spend a lot of money on ads as well. Patent interrupt. She was skeptical. Wait until you see her results. It sounds like a gossip magazine. This is from a billion-dollar company. The reason for that is because it stops people and it gets them to click. Then look at this image. This is amazing, right? Most people, okay, they got a teeth whitening serum. They're just going to show some basic stock people smiling with a bright smile. That is boring. It does not stop the scroll. What stops the scroll is having this young lady here with this plastic in her mouth and her teeth popping out and then like that's obviously a video and it goes on to play and there's this like purple serum and there's all this outrageous \[ \_\_ \] going on to really interrupt the pattern. There's burning intrigue as well because they're talking about this purple weird serum and the image is just like there's a lot of intrigue in it as well. She couldn't believe it. What couldn't she believe? a lot of intrigue there. Um, and then also got the specific benefit by showing a transformation of a smile going from yellow teeth to white teeth. How do we actually create these creatives that are hyperdopamine and that are really going to stop people in the newsfeed? So, I'm going to break down all of the different styles right now. So, the first one is what we call the raw native. I run a lot of raw native ads. And a raw native is a photo that is taken on your iPhone or whatever type of smartphone that you use that does not look like a highly professional image. You got this picture here of me and my wife. I run this on a whole bunch of different ad accounts and it does really really well because there's multiple people. The Facebook algorithm likes that. It looks like native content that would appear on that platform for its users and therefore it does not look like an ad. That is the first rule of advertising is you do not want your ads to look like ads because it's a native ad platform. People hate ads. They have ad blockers. They will do anything they can to avoid ads. So therefore, you need to make your content and your ads look like content and not like ads. The next type of ad is what I call the SMS ads. You would change that to whatever is relevant. It could be a home. It could be a bank statement. It could be someone looking to lose weight. It could be some hot chicks in a bikini. It could be a bear. It doesn't matter. It just needs to be what's relevant to you. The thing that you can customize is who the SMS comes from and also what it is that you're saying. And then you get the good old breaking news. This is something that I've become quite famous on the internet for. We have an insider joke that we break more news at this agency than any of the news channels combined. Like if I had to bet my life on something working, it would always be the breaking news. It's just by far it is such a safe bet in terms of what works very very well. And you can overdo it. So, that is the word of warning is you can't have all of your ads just breaking news. You need to have a combination of a bunch of them. My kind of two favorite ads allin is probably the raw native and the breaking news. They're my go-to. They work very, very well. They work in every single market. I don't care. Either you're selling to members of the royal family, financial planners or weight loss consultants. It just works. So, this one is breaking news. Shark Tank Investor drops client getting bombshell. Shark Tank investor breaks his silence on client getting system. And there's a picture of myself looking very very shocked with um the Shark Tank judges on here and it's breaking news and it's all relevant. I'm going to show you how to get this copy and how to do all of that in the moment. We're just running through the creative styles right now. Then what we have is the native highlight and that's where I like to take a native picture of like this one of me on Shark Tank. And then I have a secondary image. It doesn't have to be a secondary image. You don't need to add it on there, but it does work very very well. And then I've highlighted it, right? I've got this red circle around it with an arrow. It's very easy to put that together, but it works exceptionally well. Then you've got the native social post. So on this one, it's obviously we've looked at all of the big companies, the Lad Bibles, the E- News, the TMZ, all these people. And this is a format that you can see time and time again. We do not want to reinvent the wheel. We want to do what we know is already working. Then I use my own ad account as the guinea pig. And you know, we spend millions and millions of dollars a year on my ads. And then in addition to that, then we use those findings and we roll them out across our hundreds and hundreds of clients all across the world. And we constantly are reiterating and split testing. And what you're seeing right now is the format that we literally shatter control. So I'm not hypothesizing on what I think could be good. I'm literally giving you the keys to the kingdom. Here it's got a secondary image with an image of me. That image is a professionally taken photo of me, but it doesn't need to be. It's better even if it's not. Um, infamous internet daddy shares eight viral client getting hacks. I want to know what they are. Then we've got this other one which is what we call the secret info that can be for anything. So for this one, it's about property investment revealed. This secret Victorian suburb is set to boom in 2024\. And they've got a map of the city and then you got a real picture of the city. I want to know what that is. And you can just substitute that for whatever the information is that you've got to provide people in your highv value content offer. Now, curiosity is one of the most powerful ways just to hijack the primal monkey brain and to skyrocket your conversions and it is literally the most powerful emotion for running ads. There is nothing that trumps it. I have tried it all. Curiosity really just stoking that flame of what the market is interested in and then giving them that specific benefit. You will see it in everything that I do. There is a huge amount of curiosity that I bring to it all. So, we've got it not only in the eyeball grabbing headline with this client getting hacked feels illegal. We've got it in the patent interrupt image. There's a lot of intrigue and curiosity around why I have a USB stick in my hand. And then the next part of the ad is what I call the slippery leadin copy. And it's the most overlooked part of any ad, but it really dramatically impacts the performance. We have changed nothing but the leadin on ads. and we have 5xed the rorowaz and dropped the cost per lead or cost customer acquisition cost by five times just with that tiny little bit of copy at the top. So you really want to engineer this in a way that it again stops people in the newsfeed and gets them to click more. The next thing after we've got the headline, the image, the slippery leadin copy is what we call the intriguing link description. Also a very overlooked section of the ad. I've got watch carefully then click. you really want to make it intriguing. You've also got the butter body copy and that's the long form body copy of the ad. So, when it comes to the long form, you want to keep your ad to 2200 characters because that is the maximum character limit that Facebook allows you to have in order to run both on Facebook and also on Instagram. However, they're constantly updating this thing. You get a much better result when you can write one set of copy that you can run on all placements. The way that I found the best way to approach it is that you write the copy, you disregard the length, and then you edit very aggressively to get it down to this 2200\. You don't want to be like constantly looking at the character count and be like, I have to write this to fill it. You just want to write the best ad that you can. If it's under, that's also fine. Typically, longer copy is what works a lot better. If it's too long, just shave it and aggressively edit it down to make sure that it's within that. So, once we've got the copy, this is kind of what it looks like. Then, we want to run it through a tool called the Hemingway app. What it allows you to do is tell you what the readability is of the copy that you're writing and what the reading grade level is. I have studied it far and wide. The bestselling New York Times books, the largest YouTube channels in the world, they all write at a fifth grade level or below. Me personally, I shoot to get like below a three or a four because the more easy it is for people to read your copy, the more people will read it. And consumption precedes conversion. Meaning that if you get more people to consume your message, you're going to get more people to convert. You don't want people to notice your writing. You want them to be moved by your message. I see so many people online in these Facebook groups just obsessing over copywriting formulas and all of this kind of stuff and finessing the words and stuff. Ultimately, you just want to keep it really simple. You don't want to have the fanciest words. You do not want to have the fanciest copy. You want people to be moved by the message and you want it to be very readable. And that means short and simple words, sentences, and paragraphs in your copy. keep it short and sharp in terms of the sentence structure and the length of those words. Yeah, I get a lot of flack about having like, you know, line by line copy and breaking them all up, but guess what? I've split tested it all and it works because it gives the user a lot of eye relief and there's not a lot of eye strain where they're just like bombarded by this wall of text and they're like, "Bro, that looks like work." Like, we've all received an email and it's just been like so long, but I'm not reading that. Write like you talk. Make your advertising valuable. Don't just be selling people. provide findings, news, something of value in there that people would want to share that stuff. Do not let your ads look like ads by any means necessary. Do not make the ad look like an ad. You want to sell the click, not the product or service. Small words, sentences, and paragraphs. Use one and two syllable words to vastly improve your readability. Don't write our customer, write you. You're writing to a person, not a group of people. You're writing to one set individual in your target audience. Don't write King Kong. Write we or us. We're not talking about us in some weird objective view. Are we talking to a one person? We're not going to be like, "Yeah, like Sabry wants to go get some tacos." You're going to be like, "Let's go get some tacos. I want to go get some tacos." Once you've got a winning concept, theme everything around that. Once you find a winning headline in your ad, make sure that the creative is aligned to that headline. Then make sure that the leading copy is align with that theme and also the body copy and fully send that one angle. Add zest, personality, and specificity to your copy. This is the thing that I see a lot of people not doing and it dramatically impacts their cost per lead. You need to add that specificity to your ad copy because the specificity is what adds depth to your claims. And don't be afraid to show a little bit of personality cuz it goes a long way. The more generalized your claims are, the more doubtful your readers get. So if you say somebody, here's how to lose weight. It's like, dude, could you get any more vague you want to be like, here's how to lose 12 to 19 kilos in the next 5 weeks. That is specificity. Here's how to generate 90 to 480 inbound leads every single month. It's not just saying explode your leads. It's being very specific. And because I put specificity to it, it increased the believability of the claims that I'm making. Use lots of line breaks so it's easy to read on mobile because that's where 80 to 90% of people are reading these things is all on mobile. And every sentence needs to be in order. It needs to be a nice greased slope to get them people just to read with ease all the way through your copy. Avoid using words like you and your in your ad. These ad platforms typically don't like you calling out people. These rules do change from time to time, but as a general rule of thumb, don't say you and your a lot in your ad. It will definitely help you because they just don't want you calling out individuals on their platform. They believe it's not a good user experience. You are either reading something that is interesting to you or you are not. A lot of people like, who's going to read all of that copy? The buyers. I can tell you right now that long copy outperforms short copy. It's going to be interesting. It can't just be long for the sake of being long. It must be long and very interesting. If it's short and not interesting at all as well, that's not going to help you. Nobody is going to read, watch, or listen to you if you're not providing value. If they don't see how their self-interest is going to benefit from reading it. The first thing to consider is why does my prospect care? Why do they care in the first place? Why would they want to read this? Are they looking to lose weight, buy a car, get a mortgage, get in better shape, have a better relationship? What is it? Why do they care? It's got to be really interesting to them or it has to be of entertainment value to them. Otherwise, they're just not going to consume it. Instead of writing copy that dwells in the divine wonderfulness of your brand and it feels so brandy and gets your heart all warm, you want to write copy for people that will spark enough emotions to generate a comment, a share, and a click. Cuz we are not just writing for people. We are also writing for the machine. No one cares about your brand. No one cares about how it makes you feel. It's either of interest to them or it's not. A good sign of good content is things that are going to get somebody to comment. It's going to get them to like, it's going to get them to share it to a friend and message them on Facebook. And that's what you want to write for. They're only going to do that. It's either one really entertaining or it has a lot of value to them and it's got some news and findings. So, coming back to the ad example again, we've got all of these different elements and then we've got the butter body copy and then we have the nonthreatening CTA. We have split tested all of the CTAs. A learn more CTA is the best. As of filming this right now, don't use anything else like buy now or inquire now or any of that stuff. The biggest overarching rules outside of the huge intrigue and big benefit as kind of the framework that you run ads to is that you can catch more flies with honey than you can vinegar. What I mean by that specifically is positive hooks promising a big benefit. Eight out of 10 times outperform negative things like avoiding pain. Like don't put on 50 kilos this winter, do this one thing. Typically does not perform as like lose 20 to 50 kgs with this one weird hack. Even if you're in a market that has got a lot of pain in it, try them both. But eight out of 10 times the big benefit always outpulls the negative angle. proof, credibility, scarcity, all these copywriting stuff like you know breaking up your sentence structure. All of these things are critical to your success, but they all completely pale in the importance of identifying and hitting the bullseye of your marketplace. And that's all what we're trying to do when we write ads. We form a hypothesis of what we think that our market wants and then we run an ad to see if it is indeed what it is that they do want. When you go through this process, you're going to be unsure about things. you're going to be like, I don't know if they want this or they want that or they want both. And the way that you know is by testing them as different ad angles. And then it will become very very clear through your ads performance which is the bullseye. So let's discuss the ninja tools and weaponry of exactly how we're putting together these ads. What are the tools that we're using? How are you guys doing it in your agency subry? I see your ads everywhere. Show me all the ninja \[ \_\_ \] That's what I'm about to do right now. We have developed Kong, which is our own AI writing tool that we have built using $200 million worth of advertising. And we have inserted only the best performing ads with the highest CTR, the highest rorowaz, the lowest cost per lead, all of that good stuff for you. And the beautiful thing about Kong is that it pulls in all of the data from your avatar. It will write you ads that convert like crazy. These ads right now are outperforming my internal copyriters. Um, I run Kong for a lot of my own ads and a lot of the time they even beat my ads. This thing has been a complete gamecher for my business. If you don't want to go down this route, you don't have to. But I can tell you from running lots of ads and using Kong that Kong plus Facebook ads is absolute money. It allows you to spit out so many more creatives and test way faster and get way more input. I hope you got a lot of value out of this training. I hope it brings in you lots and lots of leads for the cheapest price possible and makes you lots of money. Go ahead, do those action items and I will see you in the next

Look, I'm going to be honest with you. I have made pretty much every single mistake that you can make over my 17 years in business. I've done over $250 million in my agency. I've run businesses. I've run businesses into the ground. I've sold businesses. And through it all, I've generated my clients over $7.8 billion in sales and became a shark on Shark Tank. So, I'm going to give you everything that I have learned, all the mistakes that I have paid for in full. And I guarantee you that by the end of it, you will look at your business different. And it all comes down to seven truths. So I believe that every single business, the lid of that business is the founder. And most people, they think that they have business problems when they really have personal problems that are masquerading as business problems all the time. It's because of you. And I have a saying, it's like if it's meant to be, it's up to me. Because that is something that you can take full control of. And if you're not able to attract the best talent, that's a you problem. If you're not getting enough sales, that is a you problem. If you have a culture issue in the business, that is also a you problem. When I first started my business, the first thing that I was thinking about was operation don't be broke. I wasn't thinking about having offices in multiple countries and having all of these clients. I was just like, how do I not be broke right now and not be experiencing this pain? And I ran King Kong like that for probably the first 9 to 12 months. And I had very healthy cash flows coming in. I was working 16 to 18 hours a day. And I had a realization where I was like, what are you doing here? Like, are you just going to be building this cash flow consulting business where you're going to basically be in your pajamas, working from home, keeping things very lean, or do you want something bigger for yourself? I had to sit down and have that very serious inward conversation with myself because if I stayed where I was, that's exactly where I would stay. Exactly where I was. But if I wanted something bigger, I had to start thinking bigger. Always in business, there are these inflection points. And it's been no different in my business. At every single one of those inflection points, it was a change within myself. So, in order to build a business that the entire thing isn't rested upon you as the founder and it can run even when you're not there is you need to make short-term sacrifices on how much money that you're going to make. Like I was making great money in the first 6 to 7 months. For the 3 years that followed that, I pulled $36,000 per year out of the business for both me and my wife to live on. And so I was able to basically sacrifice 3 years of making money in order to start hiring a team, fitting out an office, and doing all of these things. You want to grow, the only way to grow is to hire people. But if you hire people, then you're going to basically be putting all the money on the line, and you're not going to be making any money at all. They've got an ego attached to theirel where they think the business needs to run exactly like them and no one can do it at their level. therefore they can't go out and hire people when they just need to come to the realization is like you need to hire enough people that the collective group of those people is way better than you at 100% because then that actually gives you a business and not just a job. So if your business is stuck and you feel like you're wearing all the hats, you're spinning all the plates yourself, a very good thing to think about is actually a book and it's called who not how. And that's not how do I get to the next level, but more so who is the person that I could hire that would help me get to that next level. Because then you are not the constraint and then you can focus on the main thing which is to actually grow your business. And that is truth number one. The business that you build is simply a mirror of who you are. So when it comes to growing a business, if you sit down with most business owners and you're like, "Hey, what is it that you need? Like what is holding you back from getting to the next level?" and they're like, "Oh, we could just win these types of clients or we could get more leads or more traffic." But the thing is is you just want more for the sake of more. It's almost worthless. So, the way that I like to think about it is I like to keep the end in mind. So, think about exactly where is it that I'm trying to go? What does the goal look like? Is it 100 clients? Is it 200? Is it a thousand? When you're looking at most businesses and you're talking to them about growing their business and you're like, "How are you currently getting customers?" They're like, "I'm spending 20 grand per month on Facebook ads." And I'm like, "Amazing. How many clients do you want to get?" You're like, "I would want to double it." And you're like, "Okay, cool." Have you tried spending double the amount on ads? No. Is there any reason why? I guess I've just never thought about it. So for me, I started my business cold calling and I was doing all the selling in the day and then I was servicing those clients at night. I was always as a founder trying to be as efficient with my time and squeeze out any little last bit of wastage out of my day. And so I got it to the place where I was able to make like 150 cold calls per day, send out five proposals and land one client per day. I always had other things pop up in the business and then I hired those things out. It came to a point where I was the bottleneck. There was only so many calls that I could do per day. There was only so many people that I could speak to. Instead, I figured out what that number was and I built a plan and I then started to hire salespeople and spend more money on ads and bring people in to actually service the client and do the client work. So I wasn't working 16 to 18 hours a day doing absolutely everything. So the best practice that I have found that makes this very very effective is at the end of every year is to first before you write your plan for the next year is to take stock on the last year. Look at all of your numbers. Look at the topline revenue bottom line profits. Look at whatever the inputs that are driving those two numbers whether it's leads or traffic or customers for your business and get very very clear on what that looks like. Then you sit down and you think about, okay, what would the next 12 months have to look like for me to sit down at the same time and be like, hey, I'm really happy with the progress that I made over the last 12 months and use those same metrics that you just revisited and have a look at what are the things that need to move within that business to get you where you want to be. Then once you're clear on what that is, now you want to break that down into okay, what needs to happen every quarter? What needs to happen every 7 days? What happens every day? And that then becomes your road map. And that is truth number two. Most people are executing blind. But here's the issue with this is even if you have a clear picture of where it is that you want to go, what I have observed is that most people, they're not really clear on who it is that they're speaking to or even if they are, they're actually speaking to the wrong type of people in order to get them to that goal. So when it comes to business, I like to think big. Who are the three biggest gorillas in the space? Like who are the guys that are getting all of the customers? Now, typically when you observe this in any market, what you will realize is that it is very rare that those people are speaking to the 3% of any given market that is looking to buy right now. It takes an enormous amount of scale to build a big business. If all of your marketing is engineered at only speaking to the people that are willing to buy right now, your customer acquisition costs just get too high and it becomes too prohibitive to actually spend huge amounts of ad spend to get huge amounts of customers. So therefore, the thing that I really look at is what is the opportunity to speak to the other 97% of the market that aren't looking to buy right now. They're good candidates. They might be thinking about it. They might be in information gathering mode. How do I engineer a business that can serve all of those people? So then what we do is we design something called a high-value content offer which is basically how do I look at this market and how do I provide more value through the forms of content and education more so than any of my competitors are willing to do. Like how do I basically find what my competitors are charging money for and how do I just give that away for free? give away the information and then sell the implementation because that in all markets is usually the largest opportunity. So when I started my business and I looked around and I thought okay who are the biggest players here and what is it they're doing? They were all running Google ads selling SEO or some kind of other digital marketing as a service running them through a landing page where it was like get a quote and speak to our team. Now, at the time, I didn't have any money, right? It was like 30 bucks a click for anything related to SEO, SEO agency or digital marketing agency. So, I was like, that's not where I want to operate in. Instead, what I want to do is I want to look at the educationalbased keywords. People that are outside that top three of the pyramid. They are in the market. They have a business. They're always looking for new ways to get more clients, more traffic channels, new opportunities. Let me put out free information. and I put out a whole number of free reports which effectively allowed me to go out there and get 10 times the amount of leads than my competitors were getting for the same cost. And most businesses don't do this because they're scared and they think, "Oh, I'm going to give away all of my secret sub. Then everyone's going to have all of my advantage and then they're just going to be able to take that." \>\> That means they can hire one of your former employees and that's the only thing that's stopping them to build a business as big as yours. Then you don't have any moat. don't have a business. Everyone can watch Bruce Lee do a 1-in punch. Not everyone can do a 1-in punch. And that's the way that I like to think about business is I want to practice something and be so good at doing the fundamentals better than anybody else that even if they see how I do it, they can't do it to the level that I can. And then the second thing is value. And if you provide enough value, it's the opposite. People are like, "Holy this dude's giving away all of this stuff for free. I've implemented it. I've gotten the results. their paid stuff must be absolutely legit because you will get 10 times more people that will come to you in order to learn something than you will that are willing to come to you to buy something. And that is truth number three. You are only fishing in the smallest pond in your market. But here's the thing, even if you are talking to the right people, if what you're putting in front of those people is the wrong thing, you're never going to get to where it is that you want to go. So when most business owners look at a market, they are thinking about it through the lens of how do I extract the most out of this marketplace, right? How do I make the most money? Instead, what you want to think about is how can I provide the most amount of value to this marketplace? Like look at all the competitors. Look at everything that they're doing. What would be a way that you could come in by night and literally take over this market? Like think about Elon Musk in the electric car space. like his ultimate vision was to be able to sell cars that were way better than combustion engines for cheaper and that were actually better vehicles and they were faster as well. And there's an opportunity to do this in any single marketplace. And usually the right answer comes into the form of basically treating your prospects as if they were paying customers already. If you simply do that and you do nothing more, you will get outsized returns because it is completely different to how most people think about it. If you have a landing page and you're running traffic to it and your offer is get a quote, typically these landing pages, depending on the market, are going to convert at 1 to 3%. If you have a offer that has a piece of information or a video training on it, it is not out of character for these pages to convert at upwards of 25%. Heck, in some markets, they convert at 50%. And then we further educate them, provide value to them, and then when they are ready to buy, they buy from us. And I call it giving your market crack. There's crack and then there's kryptonite. What the kryptonite is to reach out and speak to a salesperson. People hate jumping on sales calls. They hate being sold to. And basically what you want to do is you want to put out free information that gives them the specific answers to those burning problems. That's the crack. Because when you're on Google, what is it you're looking for? You're looking for answers to questions that you've got. In other words, you are looking for information. You do not want that information to be gated by a salesperson. You want the information now. So, a way that you can apply this right now in your business is have a look at what are the big hair on fire problem questions that your market has got. And then what you want to do is take all of those insights, create a down and dirty free PDF ebook or a report. It doesn't need to be your life's work. I'm not talking about some magnum opus. Like, it needs to be a 5 to 15page report. That is not a promotional piece about your company. It genuinely just gives them the information that whether or not they choose to do business with you, it's going to better them, right? You want to leave prospects better them than when you found them. And so, it can't be some thinly veiled self-promotional brochure. It has to be of genuine value that's going to give them the answers that it is that they want. And that is truth number four. What your market wants is information. Yet, what most businesses have is a marriage proposal. Now, this is where most businesses fall flat on their face. They're like, "Hey, I've tried putting out some free information before Sbury and it hasn't worked." Because they get the leads coming in, but then once those leads coming in, they're like, "No one's buying." Yeah, no Like, what did you do with these people? Every single sales team is guilty of this. They all look for the lowest lying fruit, the little cherry that the salesperson can just pick up and the person's ready, willing, and able to buy. and then they might work on those leads, maybe call them two to three times, then put some excuse in the CRM as to why they didn't buy. And all of these leads that we spend an enormous amount of money on bringing into our world, they just go by the wayside. And that's where most people get it wrong, right? There is a a step in between the getting the free information to then following up on that lead. a video sales letter, a webinar, something that basically takes them from who the hell are you to shut up and take my money. If you want to triple your sales, the easiest, cheapest, quickest way to do that is just to get them to follow up on every single lead, three times more than what they're currently doing right now. If you have a look at all of your records in your CRM and you actually do the analysis and find out how many follow-ups does your sales team does, first of all, you get a pat on the back from Captain Subie that well done. You actually did the work. But the next thing it then is to actually sit down and write a plan that triples that. If you do nothing more, you take nothing else away from this video and you do that one thing, you will triple your sales. Now, how I came across this insight is yes, I have read lots of industry reports and research about the power of follow-up. But I had created a X-ray tracking is what I call it within my business, which is basically closed loop tracking. So, not only was I tracking, you know, where I was getting the cheapest leads, but I got full kind of lifetime value stats and cohort on like how many people buy in the first 7 days, in the first 14 days, 28 days, and whatnot. And I saw like, holy like look how long it takes for somebody who comes into my world to actually buy. And I found that the largest cohort of customers that was worth the most amount of money to my business was beyond 90 days. It's like a lot of times we're investing in that prospect far before they're ever investing in us. We're doing it in the form of free information, free education. And the reality of it is that we will lose money on the vast majority of those people. Like we will invest in them by paying money to put free information in front of them and then follow up and they will still never ever buy. And I'm completely fine with that because I know as a result of having that mindset and that approach that I'm going to get a much bigger chunk of the overall market that will go through that experience and be like that was awesome. These guys are completely different to everybody else. When I am ready, I'm going to come to them and we're going to get much more of those people coming back to camp. Whether it's in 30 days, 180 days, or even 3 years from now, I'm okay with that. And you might be thinking, "But you're only at that stage now where you can afford that." Well, I'm still getting the 3% of guys that are are willing to buy right now. Once I had that realization is when I started to extend my time horizons, how long it takes to get that money back. And that is truth number five. The fortune is in the follow-up. So, once you've got this system all in place, then it comes up with the question of like, how do I get the message out at the biggest scale that I possibly can on all traffic channels that are available to me to grow my business? If you don't have distribution, you don't have a business. you just have a hobby. Like if you can't spend a dollar and get $3 back in ads, you can't spend money to acquire customers, you do not have a business. In addition to that, you want to make sure that your ads do not look like ads. Things like Meta, that is a native advertising platform. If your ads look like ads, your CTR is going to be very, very low. It's going to work on a small scale. And the moment that you start to spend more money on ads, all of those metrics the bed. And it's because it looks like ads and people hate ads. So instead, what you want to do is you want to make your ads look like native content that people are already consuming on the platform. If you do that, you will be able to scale to ridiculous levels without your ads just the bed. Because when most people say, "Hey, Facebook ads don't work for my business." \>\> Facebook is just an abstraction of reality. And the way that I like to think about it is it's just the cold mass market of people. If you're going to go down to the food court at your closest mall, stand on the table and say, "Who is in the market for my stuff?" That is what Facebook is. It's just the masses of people. So instead of blaming the messenger of your message, look at the message itself and think about what would I need to say in order to get people to respond at a rate that is profitable for my business. There's always going to be some credit card company out there that is going to be willing to issue you a credit card with 30-day terms, meaning you do not need to pay the money back in 30 days. So therefore, if you have the skill to get this money that is not yours, pump 10 grand of that into ads and then turn it into 50 grand, you have a business, right? You you have the skills that can convert attention into money. So how you can apply this directly in your business right now today is before you touch your ads, before you go to your agency, before you speak to your media buyer, go away and speak to your accountant. Look at all the customers that you got in the last 12 months and divide that by the amount of revenue that it is that you did. That will give you what your lifetime value of a customer is. Now, once you're clear on what that number is, ask yourself, what would you be willing to spend on a maximum level to acquire that customer? If they're worth 50 grand to you, would you be willing to spend 10 grand to make 40 grand? You should probably say yes to that. However, what most people are doing is they're just optimizing all of their campaigns for the cheapest cost per lead. They're not looking at the big picture. Then you figure out what your theoretical maximum that you can spend to actually get a lead into your business. Once you get clear on it, unlock that scale and watch what happens. And that is point number six of getting clear on what the real unit economic is. That's the constraint of your business. So once you're clear on that and you've got it working, the next thing that most people get wrong is how they actually measure the impact of those things in their business. Most businesses spend 80% of their time thinking about how do we reduce our customer acquisition costs? How do we get cheaper leads, pay our agency less, basically get more for less. That's what they obsess over constantly in the ads manager launching new ads. And then they spend 20% of the time if that on how do I increase my lifetime value of a customer. But the biggest businesses in the world, they have that flipped. They spend 80% of their time thinking about how do we make customers more sticky? How do we delight them more? What are some other offers that we can basically launch off the back of end of that? What other services are our customers buying right now that we're not selling that we can launch and therefore increase our lifetime value? If you can afford to spend the most to acquire a customer, you go out there and you buy all the customers and you win. The easiest way to increase LTV for any single business is to basically look at what the leading indicators that someone goes through that will determine whether or not this person is going to cancel. You look at all of the certain attributes that make for a very successful client and for an unsuccessful client. And then you basically make them as checkpoints. you can notice that people aren't logging into your monthly reporting software or they're not opening up your emails or the cadence of communication starts to go where they start missing your weekly calls or your monthly calls. These are all leading indicators that somebody is going to cancel. And if you can manipulate those numbers, i.e. if you can make it that they do show up for those calls, then that is going to add another month or two to your LTV. Not a very sexy thing, but a very tangible thing. In addition to that is you're not just looking at a business that churns. Think about the product that it is that you sell. Look at all the customer service emails that you get of people asking, "Hey, do you sell this? Do you plan on selling this? Do you know a good company or a good product that sells something like this?" Whenever you start to see those things reoccurring in your customer service emails, then that is an indication of that it would be a great product for you to sell. that will double the amount that you're able to spend to acquire a customer. And often times for businesses, that means that they could spend five times more on ads and bring in five times more customers just by doubling their LTV. And that is truth number seven. You're probably focusing on the wrong thing entirely. And these are the seven truths that cost me way more than I would like to admit to basically find. I have paid for these things in full so that you don't have to. And if you enjoyed this video, you're going to love this one that I put together, which is 17 years of marketing experience in 46 minutes.