---
title: How to Build a Lean Startup - Raw Transcript
author: Steve Blank
archived: 2026-07-20
lang: en
---

McKinsey is the world's best job. But a startup? A startup's something you're thinking about like when you wake up in the morning before you hit the shower. I had students literally recreate the core of Salesforce in like a week and a half. I lost 35 million dollars. Elon Musk was your intern, right? Yeah. This is Steve Blank, Stanford professor who changed how Silicon Valley builds companies. Eight Startups, the book that became the bible of the Lean Startup movement, a methodology taught in business schools around the world. It has been the operating system behind billions in value. And yes, Elon Musk was his intern once. I first read his book, Four Steps to the Epiphany, while building my first startup. It rewired how we thought about finding product market fit and eventually generated millions in revenue. Today, we're at his ranch in California for an honest and deep view inside his mind. You'll learn why most startups fail, how the rules of startup building have changed in the age of AI, and why everything you think you know about building a startup might be wrong. This is a raw conversation, but if you want to upgrade your thinking on how startups actually work, this is the conversation. Let's go. We are good to go, yes? Awesome. Steve, thank you so much for having us today. Thanks for coming all the way out here. It's been a beautiful drive from San Francisco down here. We haven't seen so much of the beautiful landscape here in California, so we're glad to be here. You know, it's a pretty special place. There's not a single stoplight in 45 miles between Half Moon Bay and Santa Cruz. When did you move here? Well, we bought it in the last internet bubble in the turn of the century. And I guess we've been here 20 some odd years now. Incredible. It's a whole range of topics I'm so excited about. One thing I want to share with you, when I was 14 years old, I got my hands on a PDF of the Four Steps to the Epiphany. You're making me feel very old. No, no, no. I'm not only known as the father of this stuff, but the grandfather of this stuff. What I want to express is that back then, it actually had a profound impact on how I was building things. I mean, I have a software background, basically when I was 12, just taught myself to code and build robots, these sort of things. But the vocabulary and the words and the way to think about a startup in that sense was really groundbreaking to me. We'll talk about that more in a bit, but I want to now turn back time a bit. But I have to tell you, it took me three years to write the book and now it takes about 30 seconds to explain the entire principle. But that's the beauty. It is the beauty, right? It's not that people weren't doing it. There wasn't the language, as you said, to describe what best practices were. Someone went to Michelangelo's studio in the 1500s and saw a 12 foot block of marble. And they said, well, what is that? He said, it's the most beautiful statue in the world. And it's a block of marble. And well, come back in three years. He came back in three years and there was a Pieta and it was the most beautiful. How'd you do that? I just removed the stone around. That's the Lean Startup, right? It was there. We just had to get all the confusing stuff away from it and explain it simply. So you looked at it and it went just like you. Pretty obvious. Sometimes also simplicity is the ultimate form of sophistication in different areas. Even in engineering, I feel like you see with the rockets of SpaceX, for example. So any idiot can make something complicated It takes some art to make a complicated thing understandable, right? Not just your peers in technology, but like to your mother or grandmother. How do you explain some of the most complicated concepts? And that takes some thinking because you need to understand it and then get it to its most basic elements. Sorry, what was your question? No, no. So you obviously didn't wake up one morning when you were 19 years old saying, now I'm going to write about the start. I think there was a whole journey to your life also that led you to then one day express these things in simple terms. Take time back a bit. Like how was it like for you to grow up? How was your stumbling into the startup space? How did it feel like then if you're open to, you know, talk about your history? Well, this would be a very short walk if I wasn't open to talking about my history. I grew up in New York City and my parents were immigrants to the United States. I wasn't a very good student. In fact, I just basically couldn't pay much attention because my home life was relatively dysfunctional. And in fact, what I found was that later on in my life, this ability to shut down everything except that necessary for survival actually turned out to be a pretty good attribute. You know, survivors of dysfunctional families are either drug addicts, institutionalized, or become entrepreneurs. And they're pretty successful at it because the early stages of a startup, as you know, and some of your viewers know, it's pure chaos, right? Uncertainty, you don't know what's gonna happen from day to day. You know, dysfunctional families are the cruelest but most effective training grounds for that kind of environment. Certainly being in a war zone and surviving is another example of being able to shut down things that are necessary for survival. I went to school in Michigan thinking I was gonna be a pre-med and realized I couldn't focus, didn't wanna be there. In fact, I still remember a girlfriend said, you know, while you were here, some of us actually worked hard to get here and wanna stay here. Why don't you go do something you want to? And then I realized, you know, the minute I left my parents' house, that was actually the first day of my life rather than my parents' life. And so it was middle of winter in Michigan, got out my parka and stuck out my feet. thumb and hitchhiked to Miami. Ended up finding a job loading racehorses onto cargo planes in Miami International Airport. And while most people fell in love with the pilots and wanted to fly, I actually was amazed by all the electronics on the plane. You know, radar, navigation equipment. And I used to actually steal the manuals, take them home at night and read them. And one day asked one of the, I guess in hindsight, one of the technicians, you know, how do you do this? And they said, well, kid, without a college degree, there's not a chance you're going to have a good job here. But you know, if you join the military, maybe you can learn some of this stuff. So I, you know, joined the Air Force in the middle of Vietnam. So it was a, it was an interesting choice, but I ended up yet again in a, which would be kind of a pattern for my life is in a place where chaos and things are changing day to day and whatever. And the ability to kind of just see through that while other people, again, you know, not everybody, but most people didn't know how to deal with that environment. And I just thought it was just like home. And I kind of excelled at it and people noticed. And that, that people noticed thing turned out to be a pattern in my life is that I would volunteer for things or do things or other people would say, well, why would you do that? In fact, going to Southeast Asia during Vietnam, I remember my first air base was in just south of Miami, right? It was one of the nicest air bases in the country. And people said, gee, you're, you're so lucky. But the first week I was there, someone walked into the, our shop or electronic shop and said, any volunteers to go to a war zone? And of course, everybody else that rule in the military is not only don't you volunteer for it, for anything, you take a step back and I stepped forward. I said, I'm going. It turned out to be one of the smartest moves I ever made. And that pattern of volunteering for everything where sometimes you ended up with terrible jobs and peeling potatoes and cleaning toilets, but sometimes you end up in amazing activities. It was just like, when I got to this air base, I had a terrible job of, and just going out to the flight line and 110 degrees and working on airplanes. And, but I would go back in when my shift was over and help guys fix equipment. And someone noticed me, you know, well, this isn't even your job. What are you doing? Oh, I like fixing this stuff. I'm helping my friend. He said, well, here's a plow. See if you could fix this. And about eight hours later, the pile was gone. And they said, well, you're no longer on the flight line. You're working in the shop. Does that make sense? That was kind of a pattern. And, and in your life, you will tend to find people who notice you. And if you're real lucky, decide to be a mentor or a coach, actually more of a mentor. And what you don't realize, and I didn't for decades, is that they, they adopt you. It's not like you raise your hand and say you want to be mentored, but they adopt you because they see something you don't, and they're getting something from you. Actually mentorship is a two-way street. What I didn't realize is I was coming up with crazy things, which as I was told later, 90% of them were insane, but 10 of them, 10% were really something we've never seen before. And so it's that kind of relationship that again, the beginning of my military career helped me understand both my ability to operate in chaotic situations and also notice patterns for the first time that were obvious to me, but not quite obvious to others. And, and then the third thing I learned very early was I was pretty good at assimilating a lot of data and making patterns. That is seeing a lot of stuff, figuring it out and going, boom, this is probably what we should do. And it wasn't smart. It was just the ability to see things and move quickly and, and have the initiative to take action. And I think that was the beginning of what I didn't realize was an entrepreneurial career. What role did courage play in that? I mean, if you're being asked kind of who wants to go into the war zone and you know, when you're young, you don't realize you could die. In fact, the time I finally realized that we weren't in a video game and this is almost before video games was I got called out every once in a while to fix a wiring problem that they couldn't figure out because they'd bring in a box and say it was bad. And we'd say it was good. And then we realized it must be wiring. So I'd go out and help them troubleshoot the wiring. But one day that I went out and the planes used to be stored in kind of what were called revetments kind of armored shelters for, for the planes. And every plane had a parking spot, but the one next to us, it was empty. And there were lots of people standing around and guys with me went over there thinking there was some party. It wasn't a party. It was a plane that didn't come back. And some guys said, oh, you should have been here in your X, you know, lots of planes didn't come back that day. You know, during the Vietnam war, there were 9,000 helicopters and planes shot down just unimaginable today. And it happened to be the last plane in a seven that was lost over, I think Cambodia or Laos or something, but it was literally standing on that flight line at that minute. I still remember the smell of what was called JP4 jet fuel. And, and looking at the revetment realizing, I think it was 19 years old that people were trying to kill us. to kill them, and this was a little different from what I thought I signed up for, and really had a sense of awe about the pilots who got on those planes, and then realizing, about 100 miles away, 55,000 Americans and hundreds of thousands of North and South Vietnamese, maybe millions, were dying in a war. So yeah, that was the time I realized it wasn't courage, it was stupidity at first. When you're young, you think you're invulnerable, but it did get me to do some pretty interesting things. As I got older, I think some of the stupidity in terms of risk has gone away, but not the ability to kind of try new things, take initiative, move quickly, not be afraid to fail. And by the way, when people say failure is good, obviously you've never failed. Failure sucks. It is miserable. But the ability to get up and do it again. People talk about resilience and tenacity. That's what it means. It's not like some poster on the wall. It's when you get smacked in the face, or a company goes out of business, or the whole thing melts down. Yeah, you're allowed to feel miserable and depressed and whatever, but I still remember my next to last startup, when it went out of business, I was feeling sorry for myself, having coffee with a friend, and their first words were, what's your next startup? And then I realized, in an innovation cluster, that is where risk capital, venture capital, financial capital, culture, entrepreneurs all intersect. The unique part is we get multiple shots at the goal. That is, failure is not a badge of shame. That doesn't occur all over the world, but you know you're in the right place, right time. When innovators are not punished for, oops, you know, this didn't work out. Pretty good hypothesis. Wasn't stupid. You were either seeing over the horizon or hallucinating. And the funny thing is, we now have enough data that says 100% of great entrepreneurs think they're visionaries, and we now know 99% of them are truly hallucinating. But it's that 1% that not only push tech forward, but actually push the human race forward, right? We take risks. We do things. We see things that other people don't. And, you know, I did that for a couple decades in Silicon Valley. Couldn't believe I got paid to do this, right? It's the most, it's the world's worst job on the planet for anybody watching who hasn't been an entrepreneur. It's a terrible job, but it's the world's best calling. And the difference between a job and a calling is the difference between an accountant and an artist, right? If you're an artist, it's a calling. It's a passion. You just, you know, you must create. And most songs are terrible. Most paintings are miserable, don't get sold. You know, most plays fail, whatever. But they don't do one play or one song or one sculpture or whatever. They go, all right, we're off to the next. And if you ask why, it's an irrational drive for creation. That's what true founders are. I mean, there's now, given how much money is out there for AI and whatever, there are people who chase money or build startups to flip and, you know, fine, that's another model. But the founders I'm talking about are the ones who are closest to artists than any other profession. And can you teach that? You know, that's pretty interesting. You know, I do teach it. And the question is, who can you teach? When can you teach them, et cetera? That's a longer conversation we could have. I have an incredible amount of directions in my mind that I want to take. Sorry, I'm going to exhale now. No, no, it's incredible. The first thing you said about risk. I was always thinking personally, when I did my first little startup, when I was like 19 years old, like, how bad can it be? You know, it might not work out. And for years, my friends think I'm stupid, my parents don't really support it in whatever way. But ultimately, I'm fine. Because it's not life or death. It's just a thing that didn't work that you tried, you know, you maybe got investors, but they believed in you. They know the risk. But how bad is it really? Yet, I feel like so many young people don't act, are a bit too afraid of the risk. And I think it's more of an illusion of risk, almost, like, what is risk really? You know? How do you think about that? How you observe young people who might be stuck in actually acting, making the jump? You know, I had an unfair advantage. I was telling you a bit about my first career in the military, in a war zone. And when I came to Silicon Valley, I still remember, when I was thinking about doing my first startup, my roommate asking me, do you understand how risky a startup was? And I had just come from a place where risk had a very different meaning. And I still remember saying, I don't understand. Can you die in a startup? And they looked at me like, what are you talking about? And I realized that my risk profile and theirs were completely different. And so the first question to ask as an entrepreneur, are you picking a profession you could die in if you fail? And if the answer is no, well, are you in a profession you could go broken? Yes. Are you still prepared to sleep on your parents' couch? OK, yes. Then, like, what's left? Are you going to starve to death? No. OK. So that's kind of the checklist. Are you going to be embarrassed? Yeah. Is being embarrassed going to stop you from, if you fail? Well, then you shouldn't do it. If you think about it, we can't divide a room and say, half the room are going to be artists, half the room are going to be accountants. There is a personality and a risk profile and a passion that divides the two. I've learned that the last thing in the world we want to do is make entrepreneurship not an elective but mandatory. It has to be something you come to, not something I convince you of. In fact, the best convincing is usually almost every year I have a student who says, Professor Blank, I need some help thinking about my career. Well, what's the problem? I've got two great offers. Great, what are they? I've got an offer from McKinsey. Join them. Wow, that's the world's best consulting firm, before AI. What's the other choice? Oh, my roommates and I want to do a startup. I go, oh, well, it's okay. You already decided. Well, what do you mean? I want to talk about the choices. No, McKinsey is the world's best job, but a startup, a startup is something you're thinking about like when you wake up in the morning before you hit the shower. It's something you can't get out of your head. It's not something you and your roommates think might be another job. Part of this is understanding that ... I tell the students, by the way, go work for McKinsey and in a couple of years you'll decide whether, gee, this is the world's most miserable job or you want to make something like this your career, but you can't assign people, go do a startup. Does that make sense? I'm trying to answer your question. You could explain it to them and you could give them the tools, which is what we teach. We don't teach how to be an entrepreneur. We teach how to operate. I mean, the whole Lean Method is not here's how you become one. It's how to put a bounding box around all the possible risk things that you probably haven't thought of, but it's not like here's how to opt in. It's in fact more like here's how miserable it's going to be because it's going to be chaotic and all we do is provide a tool set for entrepreneurs who've already done that. At least that's my take. I've been thinking about this metaphor between founders and artists for a long time and I think it's pretty close. It's a creative profession. It's not accounting. What I love about that, I also produce music on the side. There you go. It's a thing and I read from Rainer Maria Rilke, Letters to a Young Poet, was one line, basically advice to a young poet, write what you must write. When the hour strikes late and you have this urge to create or put something out, that's a great indication that this might be the thing you're meant to do. And today I also feel like a lot of young people sort of have pneumatic desires. They see an entrepreneur on stage that looks incredible and looks exciting and they have status and money and whatever that thing is and they copy that and assume like, hey, these side effects I want to replicate, but just replicating the strategies they follow. Do you know what that's called in English? It's the cargo cult. Have you ever heard of the cargo cult? Cargo cult was in World War II, U.S. military went to these like islands in the Pacific with natives that had never seen planes or boats and coming off these planes were these enormous amount of goods like, you know, radios and, you know, food and all kinds of things. And then the war ended and the Marines never came back. And so the story goes, whether it's apocryphal or not, it still makes the point, is that the natives decided to create, you know, straw and bamboo versions of cargo planes and prayed for cargo to come out and they called that a cargo cult. That's the equivalent of what you just described. If I kind of build a straw man, an emulation of like those kinds of behaviors, magic will happen rather than putting in the hard work and passion and having some vision of what you want to create. That's what's different here. That confuses a lot of young entrepreneurs about how much work there is. And also the press doesn't do a good job of it either, right? You hear about all the successes. No one wants to read about, you know, most of these things fail. Maybe even business school sometimes to a degree. I studied business and a lot of my friends now did their first years in consulting and now they're like, oh, actually, yeah, I want to create my own thing, my own company. I want this autonomy. It's going to be so great. And I'm like, hmm, are you sure that's the great life you really think it is? It's actually quite hard to build something from zero. Completely agree. You mentioned chaos and navigating chaos. And also I think a lot of young people today have at least a perception of chaos. Every day a new AI thing coming up. There's infinite amounts of information and distractions coming to us through social media and different sources. And they also feel in chaos basically. Where's the world? There's no, maybe the conventional career paths are no longer working in the way they used to a decade ago or two decades ago. Certainly your job as a programmer has completely changed. How do you navigate chaos? Well, I embrace it. In this case, we're talking about disruption. Disruption in this case is the combination of the microprocessor revolution, the PC revolution and the internet revolution all happening within three years. years. That's what this is the equivalent of. You know, you're either going to embrace it and figure out, take a shot about where it's going and how you could play, or you need to stand back a bit and go, why don't I wait until the machinery stops for a while. But AI is going to change, and it is changing, almost every business we're in. And particularly if you're in hardware or software, you're not seeing the places where it actually is having a major impact already, which is life science. We talk about the number of junior programmers no longer needed, etc. But the real change is happening in protein engineering and drug design and materials engineering and almost every other technical field. I call these parallel universes. If you read Hacker News or hardware and software, you're not reading nature or science or whatever, or Cell, where all these other advances are being talked about. So I think, as I said, this is not just a technology shift. It's maybe as important as, you know, Watt and the steam engine and the Industrial Revolution, because it's affecting all fields. And when you're just reading about one narrow field, you're kind of feeling sorry for yourself. But it's kind of interesting to think about what's happened in the past. So the pictures I like to show my students is in the 1930s, there was insurance companies, people paid off if you died or got hurt, how to calculate what are called actuarial tables, that is, risk factors. And they had roomfuls. Literally, this is a photo of a roomful of back then men in front of these adding machines calculating these tables. What does that room look like today? Smaller. Doesn't exist. Doesn't exist. It's an Excel spreadsheet by one person. Or take something more modern. The floor of the New York Stock Exchange in 1985, what does that look like? Probably large rooms. Large rooms, thousands of people running around with a manual. Yeah, yelling, I'll buy it at this. What's that room look like? It's an algorithm of automated trading, right? Those people did not end up on unemployment. On the other hand, in Europe, in the Middle Ages, when we started to automate, for example, weaving, right, we created the Jacquard loom and making cloth became a factory process rather than a craft. All of a sudden, those home weavers, they were out of jobs. They either had to go work in the factories or became craft businesses. So for the weavers, it was terrible. But for the rest of society, cloth and fancy cloth, embroidered pattern cloth, et cetera, now became a commodity. So we changed the nature of commerce while one segment of society actually suffered. So sometimes you go through these radical transitions where it's great for the body as a whole, but actually incredibly painful for specific tasks. I think we might be closer to that. A good number of fields will actually grow and create. For example, when AlphaFold came out, which won the Nobel Prize to fold proteins, we're now like four or five generations past that. Protein engineers did not lose their jobs. They actually leveled up and they're now doing much more interesting things with trying to figure out how do you do drug development with these tools. But for software engineers, who would have thought that the last people would have gotten, if not obsoleted, they also either need to level up and they do need to level up or they're going to be out of jobs. Does that make sense? And so for example, for a lean startup, it's possible that product market fit now will morph into agent outcome fit. Whoa. What does that mean? It now means that using these tools, you could create digital twins that are simulations of your products that you could put in hands of customers and actually do co-design rather than just showing them a feature at a time. So the nature of how we build startups and how we think about it, how we do software engineering, all going to change literally in the next now, but I think we'll settle down hopefully in the next five years. A book I just connected this to, what you just shared, is called The Beginning of Infinity from David Deutsch, where basic knowledge is also an infinite pursuit and it doesn't ever stop. So what I'm hearing is even though the world might seem like chaos, there is a shift going on and what people are doing with their work lives, work life shift, like what is done in a given job. You say, just go ahead and do something, embrace it because action kind of creates information. So if I'm a young person right now, 18 years old, just go ahead and try a thing. Or like, how would you break it down to really a practical heuristic even they could take? Like, you know, talk to me, I'm 19 years old. I'm like, oh, there's so much chaos. Like what should I actually do now? Actually, the way I would break it down is it's not so much chaos, it's so much opportunity. So I'd be thinking about how did people do things two years ago? How are they going to do it two years from now using not only AI today, but gee, what's the next five versions of OpenAI, Claude, or whatever where you could spawn agents that actually work, don't eat your files and whatever. What's that business going to look like for each segment that's traditionally doing X and Y? That's why I'd be looking at a 19, because you're not beholden to the status quo. Your head isn't frozen into... this is how enterprise software works, or this is how dating works, or this is how people entertain themselves. No, I'd be saying, well, what do you think is possible? Go play with tools. And now, by the way, minimum viable products, which used to be a test of your technical competence, an MVP is like a PowerPoint slide, meaning if you can't spin one up in an hour or two, or at least a day or two, you shouldn't be calling yourself a technologist in this business. So spin off some MVPs and start seeing, I mean, the people who are watching this, they're the ones who are going to be creating the future. You know, Alan Kalyan, the future's already here, it's just not evenly distributed, is going to be 100x, right? They're going to be 19-year-olds doing things in their basement in spare time. I had students literally recreate the core of Salesforce in like a week and a half. You kind of go, whoa. And then now you think about, well, all those old moats that is barriers for competition are going down. What are going to be the new moats? And what's going to be the most important thing if it's not building MVPs? What's the most important thing for a 19-year-old to know how to build a startup? And actually we're discovering that now in our classes this semester at Stanford. I think the most important things are going to be not creating an MVP, but the understanding of the rest of the business model. And a business model is a fancy term for not just your product, how are you going to create demand? You know, how are you going to generate revenue? How are you going to, what are the costs? What key activities? Are you going to need to afford how many tokens per hour, per day, per user, per whatever? Oh, didn't even think of that. Gee, it works as a demo. How does this work at scale? You know, am I going to need my own data centers to support this thing? You know, what are the resources I need besides money, tokens, et cetera? Is it great people? Is it, if I'm making hardware, you know, I no longer get stuff from China or where's this stuff going to come from? What kind of domain expertise do I need to have or need to be in my company? That's what we call the business model. What are all the other pieces past your fancy demo that great people are grabbing stuff out of your hands or maybe if you're lucky, but what's a business? And I try to impress on the 19 year olds I now talk to, which used to confuse me for a decade, your product is not the company. Your product is part of the company. And unless you think through, it doesn't mean you have to be right, but you need to understand, oh yeah, creating demand. Oh, is that an influencer? Are we still doing, you know, search engine optimization? Oh no, we need to do AI, you know, optimizing. How does that work? How do I get people not to get 10 or hundreds, but how do I get thousands or millions depending on what my business is? It's a multivariable problem. It's not just a product. There's so many parts. And that's why the lean startup and the classes we teach are about this. Not to give you the answer, since I have some 19 year olds, anybody reads the lean startup, it is not a giant focus group and you cannot do a startup from a spreadsheet. The whole idea of why I built the customer development part was not so I could add up all the feature requests that people want, it was to inform my vision. And that was something that people miss, is that if you don't have a vision of what problem you want to solve, who your customer is, don't get out of your building. You could play, but in the back of your head, you kind of have a set of implicit assumptions about, well, I'm building this because I like it. Well, why do you like it? Well, my friends like it. Well, why do they like it? Well, it's entertaining or it solves a problem. Well, what problem? Great. Let's now validate. Other people have that. Well, I talked to five people. No, no, no. Find out whether hundreds or thousands of people want to do this. So the first idea is how do I deconstruct all those kinds of background assumptions I have, spit them out and write them down and go, oh, I need to test these things about whether they could scale. That's how I put a bounding box around some of this uncertainty, but it was to inform my vision, not the other way around, not let's go out and do a survey by just talking to a ton of people. And that's what people got wrong about customer development, at least the way I built it for me. It's like, how do I explain what I was trying to do? And what I was trying to do is I have this vision. This is what I want to build. This time, let me make sure I'm not hallucinating. So you walk back inside. I just want to connect what you said to the artist side of things again. I read a book from Rick Rubin and I find it very true from the artist friends I have also in Berlin. Artists are making a piece of art primarily for themselves. You know, it's genuine. It's an act of creation, maybe an expression of something beyond what we understand, you know, mental domain, but truly it's for themselves. It's not for the audience. The audience comes last. That's what people say. And you have artists who are sort of switching this up. They create it for the economic outcome or for the fame, but these are short-lived. They come and go very quickly, but the true artists in the purest sense create for themselves. You know, there's a name for that, starving artists. Well, not all of them though, right? No, but you think about it. The artists who do concerts and make records and stream music, those are actually making it for an audience, right? So there are, yes, there are purest artists, but there are also artists who understand there are listeners or there are viewers or there are, you know, people who write. Yes, you're doing it from passion, but you're also hoping that somebody by your side will understand. your book. And so I will slightly challenge that. Yes, the purest artists are the ones who starve to death. The ones who actually understand that art is something to be shared because it's an act of creation that engages people at scale. That's when art gets interesting. I'll contend that's when entrepreneurship gets interesting. I love that. Let's agree on that more because I would say in the creation itself of the music you write, the song, that's the passion. That's a passion. But then you need to take it to market. You need to find a way to then reach your fans. Yes, and that was my definition between a starving artist and one who goes, oh, it's like Van Gogh. He couldn't sell anything in his lifetime, right? But it starts with inspiration. Yes. Okay, yeah. Let's talk about this more. Can we sit down somewhere inside? Yeah, let's come on inside. That was, by the way, a beautiful walk. I lost it. I hope you guys enjoy it. Thank you. We came from a beautiful walk with beautiful views here and now you wanted to show us where the magic happens, where you write, where you think. Like, how do your days typically look like these days? Well, I make breakfast, have some coffee. Coffee, which I haven't finished. Perfect. Coffee. And then I look at the ocean, go, yep, it's still there. It's not coming this way. That's fine. Then I sit in front of my computer and this is where I blog. This is it. Steve Blank at work. Incredible. Inside look. And then I take, usually, a hike for about an hour every day. Have a seat. Thank you. You write every day? Is it like a strict routine you have? No, no. I've written two books, maybe three books, but I realize I'm horrible on deadlines. So I write when I get some ideas. And some of the ideas are mine, meaning, you know, I'll sit and read something and go, oh, no one's thought about this. Or, gee, here's what I'm seeing, which I think are obvious. But then when I write, I might get, oh, what a great insight. Not really. I don't think anything I've done is brilliant. I think they were just, as I said, sometimes it's explaining things simply and sometimes it's just, you know, seeing, taking away the stone and seeing the pattern underneath. You know, I have coffee almost every week with my friend Steve Weinstein and we just bat around ideas. And I'd say about half of our coffees generate an idea. And so it's useful. And my wife is also a great sounding board of tossing out ideas and then going, huh, yeah, I probably should write something about it. And usually the things I write are about 1,500 words or so. And then, you know, my career has gone from military to startups. I mean, in startups, I don't think I did the same company twice. That's not fair. I did two semiconductor companies. And I'm going to tell you, I know a little about chips, but not a chip expert. I did military intelligence as a startup. I did two semiconductor companies. I helped build a supercomputer company, an enterprise software company, a video game company, the biggest failure I ever had. It left a crater so deep it has its own iridium lake. In fact, on that one, I was on the cover of Wired magazine with the founding team. Then 90 days later, realized I was going out of business and had to call my mom, and English wasn't my mother's first language, and had to say, Mom, I lost $35 million. And she always had to translate, you know, a little pause. And she said, $35 million, where'd you put it? And I said, no, no, no, it's not like lost, it's like got. And then she started talking in languages I didn't even know. She said, the country we came from is already gone. We have nowhere to go, and we can't change our name. It's already blank. I said, no, no, the reason I'm calling you is that people gave me that money, gave me another $12 million to do my next one. And she went, oh, they already always told me the streets were paved with gold in America. Now I believe them. And I tell the story. And by the way, for those two next VCs, after that failure, and this is back to, you know, you're an innovation cluster, I returned a billion dollars each to those two investors who did the next one. That's not a Steve Blank story. That's the point about an innovation cluster, is that an honest failure isn't the end of your career. Maybe three or four in a row might be the end of your career. But we get multiple shots at the goal, because they're not investing in some theory like a spreadsheet. They're investing in your passion and vision and ability to pull together a team, create a reality distortion field and potentially build something at scale. I forgot what the question was. I love these little anecdotes from your life. Well, the problem is, is the older you get, the more stories you have. Some of them, some of them might even be relevant to your question. How did you feel in the moment where the $35 million were gone? Miserable. So I think I mentioned earlier, maybe I didn't. There were days I drove down Highway 101, goes through the center of Silicon Valley, driving into work. There were days I would calculate how much I would pay to work there. I mean, literally, that's how much I couldn't believe. I remember actually what company was. Here I was. I knew nothing about what was called the supercomputer. And six months later, here I was training sales people on the architecture of supercomputers. Where else would you get paid to actually learn? and all this stuff, and then help build something. So I was just amazed. So to answer your question, so for 20 some odd years, I couldn't wait to get up and go to work. Start up, it was crazy, it was blah, blah, blah. Exciting. Yeah, it was right in my center. But for the first time in my entire career, I started coming home at 4 p.m. and going to bed. And my wife said, you know, that's a sign of depression. This is when the company was going like this, the video game company. And it didn't quite go out of business. I sold it to Sega for parts and left, but eventually they shut it down. But it was a failure. And it was on my watch. I was, first time ever in my career, I was depressed for three weeks. And then, I think I told you that story earlier, I was having coffee with a friend who said, what's your next startup? I literally remember that moment. Oh yeah, yeah. And that's when I raised the money to do the next one. Failure doesn't feel good. People go, you know, the whole Lean Startup is about failure. No, it's not. It's how to reduce failure. And failure is great. No, failure sucks. People describing failure as good, obviously haven't had a crater with their name on it. There's a difference between being an employee of a company that failed versus the CEO who was responsible for that failure. The successes were great, but actually the Lean Startup came out of that failure. The failure was, in fact, in that company, the biggest reason for failure was hubris. It has roots in the Greek word, which basically says you believe your own bullshit. I was able to raise lots of money, great press. We were gonna Hollywood meets Silicon Valley, but we made shitty games. But the press said we were geniuses. And I was generating the press. And so if you believe your own stuff, and I had learned all the lessons about getting out of the building, but in this company, I completely forgot them and just believed we could do no wrong. And people who were actually building real video games, raising a fraction of the money, how do these guys do all this stuff? And the answer was we had a reality distortion field, but we didn't have any products that were worth warm spit. And here's what's interesting, is I kind of went through the 12 stages of grief. And I was telling you that the Lean came from this failure. First, I was depressed. Then I was angry. Then I blamed my co-founders. Gee, they were responsible for the game development. They should have known. Then I looked at my business card again with the ones I didn't burn. And it said CEO. Well, I don't care who else, I was responsible. And I should have been paying attention. So I took some ownership. But the really interesting, and most people stop there. If you get to that, then that's great. But I started, and this is how Lean came about. I started thinking about lessons learned, not just, gee, I owned it, but what is it that I used to do that I forgot that I should have been doing again? And that was all about getting out of the building, informing vision, listening, revenue bursts, et cetera. And a good chunk of Lean came from that. The other part of Lean came from, after my last company called Epiphany in the turn of the century, which was the first, I think, enterprise software company on the internet. You're using the browser as a front end rather than what was called at the time client server. I decided to retire because we went public at an $8 billion market cap, which back then actually meant something rather than today that's a rounding error. Just amazing today. Another three digits in valuations. But I decided what the world needed was my memoirs of my career. So I'm off skiing, or my kids are off skiing with my wife. I'm sitting in a condo up in Lake Tahoe, and I start writing. And how I did it was I wrote stories and then lessons learned about each thing I learned. And I still have the document, and I got to page 80. And I realized that while this had been a catharsis, that is a great way to kind of exhale after 20 some odd years, that there was a pattern I had never noticed and no one else ever noticed, is that again, turn of the century, VCs were still saying to startups who were smaller version of large companies, do everything a large company does. Hire sales, marketing, biz dev, build a product serially with waterfall engineering, ship the product, then you find out there was no notion of a pivot, how you pivoted. You fired an executive. New executive would come in and go, well, that was a stupid idea. Here, let's do something different. But we never had the word. We never even gave the founders the permission to change. And I realized as I was writing this it was all wrong, that the common wisdom was just, it didn't make sense that the best startups actually ignored investors' advice. Investors weren't being stupid, but most of them came out of business schools where they were learning case studies and they were learning how did large companies grow. But no one ever articulated large companies execute what we call known business models, but startups search for them. And this distinction between search and execution had never been articulated. No one ever said, startups are not smaller versions of large companies. And so I said, well, wait a minute. We've built a hundred years of management tools and MBA tools for execution. organizational design, and how you hire, and how you manage products, and whatever, but there was not even no tools for startups, there was even no language that differentiated the two. And I consciously made an effort that said, no, no, no, we're gonna build a management stack equivalent to the ones for execution that you learn at Harvard, Stanford, and whatever, for startups. And that was so heretical at the time. I mean, I can't tell you, it's like people just laughed. Steve, we've been doing this for 25 years, all the VCs patted me on the head and said, we've been making money, why do we care? And I tried to tell them, they've been making money on people who ignore their advice. And they kind of knew, you know, the thing we say clearly now, now is no business plan survives first contact with customers. They were able to say that in about five minutes, but the point was, they would take a plan, and then like, put in, the startups would put it in a shelf after they got funded. But they didn't quite understand, what should replace it? Because again, it's very different today. Most VCs never founded a company. A few of them, you know, had been some level of operating execs, maybe inside of a startup, but none of them had ever founded a company. I can't think of any of them at the turn of the century, or a little before. And so there was no operating experience about this distinction. And so I decided, I was retired, I didn't care what people thought. It's another characteristic of a founder, right? If you think about the lean startup as another startup. So I got to practice. I wrote this book, Four Steps to the Epiphany, and got to practice with a young entrepreneur I'd funded in a previous company, was now doing a kind of a virtual world company, Eric Ries, was the co-founder with Will Harvey of IMVU. And Eric became the first practitioner of customer development. And Erickson's insight was, Steve, you know, you're talking about customer development, but you know the engineering part? People don't use Waterfall anymore, they're using Agile engineering. And Agile turned out to be a perfect fit for customer development. And then, so okay, we now had this kind of duo of, you know, and Eric was practicing it, and it was great. And then I started teaching a class at Stanford on this, and before I started the lean launchpad class. And me and my teaching assistant at the time, Anne Miraco, who's now a partner in a really successful venture fund called Floodgate, were trying to figure out what a business model would look like. And she said, I think I found it. And so we have coffee, and she pushes this book across the table at me, and I thought I found it, because I found this PhD thesis, and I push it across the table to her. And we both look, it's the same guy, Alexander Osterwalder. And she was pushing the book, Business Model Generation, which was Alex's first book. And I was pushing his PhD thesis, which was the great best taxonomy ever, of every kind of business model paper that ever written or book. And what we realized, long story short, is the business model canvas, this one single piece of paper, has summarized for startups the nine things you need to worry about. I mean, there are other things, but 85% of what a startup needs, there's the checklist. You know, who are the customers? What are you building for them? Together, that's product market fit. You know, are you thinking about demand creation, revenue, whatever? There it was. And so those three pieces, business model canvas, customer development, agile engineering, became, at least in my mind, a lean startup. I know you didn't even ask that question. No, but I can tell you, even in Germany, in small business classes, focus on entrepreneurship. These things are used every day to teach people. I have one admission of a mistake to make, and I have a follow-up question on that. I read your work when I was like 14, 15 years old, and I started my first proper company when I was 19 years old. Is this your revenge? No, no, no. It took me two and a half years, and I probably made all the mistakes I actually read about and knew about. The knowledge was there. This is an experiential... You can't... You know, the equivalent is like taking sex and marriage advice from your priest. You know, it's great theory, but unless there's been practice, but I bet after you failed, you were a lot more receptive. It made, oh, this is what they were trying to say. You know, the equivalent is when you're young, your parents try to teach you the stove is hot. I remember when my youngest daughter was about three, we had a barbecue in the backyard, and there was a little hole for the pilot light, and I saw her staring at that, and I knew what she was going to do, so I ran in and got a bag of ice because I was going to watch her. I said, hot, hot, and she gave me one of those little lucks. Stuck her finger. Ah! Hot! She never did that again, and I guess I could have been a bad parent, but by letting her do it, I knew she wasn't going to damage herself, but that's an example of how human beings tend to learn. Some percentage of people can learn from a book without experience. You learn math, or you can learn whatever, but boy, some of these things are just experiential, which is why teaching case studies in business school, I thought was the most destructive thing ever for trying to teach entrepreneurship. It's not that the stories aren't good, but you know, it doesn't stick until you're trying to do something in class, melting down with team members who don't. don't quite get what you want and the customers aren't behaving as you thought, great, it's a class, but you're going to figure out what that feels like in real time. Does that make sense? Practice after all. Yes. You know, entrepreneurship is a full body contact sport. It's not something you read about. It's again like reading a sex manual and I don't mean to be crude, but it's the most extreme thing I could think about. You could read about it, that's nice, but until you experience it, you don't quite understand. Startups are kind of just like that. Yeah, I can read all the books I want, but it's messy. It's kind of uncertain. It's, you know, things don't go exactly. I remind, you know, I teach at Stanford, some of the smartest students in the world, but I remind them as smart as you are, number one, you're not smarter than the collective intelligence of your potential customers. And number two, being some of the smartest people in the room actually is a detriment because if you're very smart, you think you could pre-compute all this stuff and you don't need to talk to anybody else. If you kind of go, well, maybe I don't know something, you know, you would go up, maybe I ought to ask somebody. So the smarter and more arrogant you are about how smart you are makes actually going out and doing this lean stuff even harder. So that's the, that's the story. I can relate to that. Yeah, me too. Me too. It's that, as I said, that's what tied into hubris kind of screwed up my next to last startup. Talk about the world today and AI. We talked about it already a bit, but it's crazy out there. A lot of stuff is happening, a lot of uncertainty, a lot of people. I feel like every idea that you could think of is already being built by 15 teams at the same time in the exact same market with the exact same customer segment they're going after. What is your read on the world right now? Yeah. So, you know, this is our first year I teach, and I'm going to answer your question in a sec, I'm teaching two classes this quarter. One called Hacking for Defense, another called the Lean Launchpad. And they're built around this idea of emulating a startup with the Lean method. Customer development, students have to get out of the building, talk to 10 to 15 customers a week, now physically or virtually. You know, Agile engineering, they need to build MVPs every week. Use the business model Canvas. We march them through every part of the Canvas. And this is, and by the way, the class was adopted by, in the U.S., our National Science Foundation, then our National Institute of Health to commercialize all science in the United States. Still in a hundred universities. And this Hacking for Defense version of the class takes, instead of students coming in with their problems or, when it's taught by the National Science Foundation or NIH, it was to teach principal investigators, scientists and professors in universities. And Hacking for Defense took problems from the government, our defense department. That's in 60 universities, 17 in the U.K., one in Poland, one in Germany. It just started. But to answer your question, what happened this year, I've been teaching the first class for 16 years. And this year, on the first day, students came in with MVPs that looked like finished products. I mean, like what we would maybe see in week 10. I mean, it wasn't like last year you kind of saw some of this. The teaching team just looked at each other going, uh-oh, what are we going to teach them? But now we're in week four. It's worse. It's worse for the students. Why? Because they can not only create full-featured MVPs, they could spin up multiple of them. What hasn't kept up, and eventually there will be tools to do this, but right now it's gotten in their way of being able to validate the rest of the business model. Because, hey, I'm done with the product. Great. Well, you haven't figured out who the customers are. You haven't figured out how you're going to make money. But I have the product. A product is not a company. You might be able to throw things against the wall before someone else does maybe or get acquired or something else. That's a different story. But it's actually created a bottleneck in learning right now, which I thought was kind of amusing because I thought this thing was going to accelerate everything. Eventually, it will, as I mentioned earlier, will allow people to create digital simulations and share that with customers and allow them to co-create. That's going to be really exciting. Or, gee, when customers are amenable to using agents, then we'll go from product market fit, where human beings are pulling down menus on a screen, to agent outcome fit, where customers are used to and comfortable with saying, no, no, no, I don't want to pull down screens. I want you to give me agents that will give me outcomes, and I'll pay you not per seat, but per outcome or per things. But there's an impedance mismatch between what can be created and what customers are willing to adopt and the stability of tools. Yeah, it could do some amazing things six days a week, but on the seventh day, it'll delete all your files. We're not sure we're at that point of stability yet to use OpenAI or Claude across your enterprise. So I'm seeing this real time. And the other thing I'm seeing is, back to your point, is now people are scrambling to figure out what the new moats are. That is, what are the new barriers to competition? One, because the large language models has assumed a lot of that data across everything and you go, well, that's no longer a moat. But there are some companies or some organizations that have proprietary data. That's a moat. Or still have proprietary distribution channels. That's still a moat. to be physically manufactured. Yes, in robotics and AI driven robots, but that's another five years in the future until we have something past the demo bullshit stage that can actually do something useful. So people are scrambling to find new modes, but they're also scrambling to find new pricing models. Do I price per seat, or do I now price per outcome? Again, there's an impedance mismatch between what our demos look like and what production systems look like. Does that make sense? But this year has just been a mind blower. So I'm excited. I sure wouldn't want to be, A, an enterprise software company, B, anybody who's a junior programmer or now in the middle of computer science at university. What do I do now? Well, you're not going to be unemployed, but you're going to need to be employed on a much different level. Yeah, no way. I have a few more questions on mode. And by the way, for your viewers, what the hell do I know? Go, leave the building, figure it out yourself. No, no, no. Meaning like I used to do things, now I teach. It's the people who are watching this who are going to do this stuff and figure it out. But that's where I think the trajectory looks like it's going. But I'm amazed at every release. I'm open on my computer. I use Gemini, Claude, and OpenAI. I check them between each other. I just spun up a couple agents, and I go, all right. And you know, what's really interesting is, of course, the Mac Mini is sold out. You know why it's sold out? Not because of the processor, but because of the memory. If you could get half a terabyte of memory, you can now run local agents at scale. And so it's actually the memory bandwidth that's the bottleneck, not just the GPU sidebar. I will now phrase a question maybe from viewers or from my personal experience. I look at a lot of things that people are building in a day or a few days, a few weeks. And oftentimes, to me, it looks like a slop, a word being used for poorly crafted user experiences. But you know what? In the US, our telephone company used to be a monopoly owned by one company called AT&T. And these phones were incredibly well built. You could throw them against the wall, but they only came in two colors. And there was a desk phone and a wall phone. That was it. And then what was called deregulated phone companies, meaning anybody could now be in the phone business. Anybody could sell you phones. And we had, though we didn't have the term at the time, we had phone slop for the first four years. People were making cheap phones in Japan and China, but they were Mickey Mouse and you could get different colors and they looked like, you know, anything, beer cans or whatever. And it was silly. People were buying them and they broke in like six months and they didn't work and they were never as good as the AT&T one until the market stabilized, until people kind of got that out of their system. And all the phone slop, you know, we never had that word, but I would use that as an analogy. That's the phase I see us going through. Hey, look, or here's another one. It's again, before most of your viewers were even born, but it's hard to remember that when the Macintosh came out, Apple, it was the first bitmap screen at scale. You could write things that, not just fixed characters, we take it for granted now, and you could use multiple fonts. That was unbelievable. But the first newsletters and documents that people wrote looked like ransom notes. They had like 15 fonts in the same document. Today, you look at that and you go, are you on drugs? That's what, why? Because people got to experiment and look, it's freedom. I get to do X or Y. It was, it was typography slop. It lasted about three or four years and then things calmed down and people said, no, no, it ought to look like a professional document. You don't use more than one font in a, whatever. That's the phase we're in. Does that make sense as an analogy? It's people like have just been unencumbered and released and given the power to do amazing things where before, both those examples where we were constricted to do just this small little thing and now we have the ability to do X, we went wild. And I think that's what we're seeing now. And it will vibrate for a while. And then things, I think will settle out when the tools get a little more mature, more mature and people understand what a level of goodness is in a stable app. It doesn't need your code or it actually works the same way twice. Does that make sense? I think developers are just going through this like unbelievable power that's been put in their hands and just trying different things. And out of that, by the way, will rise, you know, a whole new set of tools and platforms. For example, it's pretty obvious to me, you know, we were building apps thinking that the base layer were, you know, Windows, OSX or Linux. That's no longer the base layer, right? Now we're just thinking is the base layer, you know, is it open AI? Is it anthropic? Is it, you know, maybe Gemini? And that's what we're going to be building apps on. So the new abstraction layer will, and then on top of that, we're seeing things like open cloud. That's just the beginning of a kind of another layer on top of that. We're just beginning. That's the only thing that's useful about having perspective, going, have I seen this before and what does this look like? Again, I think as I said earlier, it's happening much faster, much more compressed and affecting multiple industries simultaneously. I'm just talking about life sciences as well as the standard software and hardware world. And then we're going to see it in robotics as well. Again, I think another five years before we have something more than funny demos, but things are getting closer. Oh, I'm always optimistic. Let's keep building at the frontier. So the bad news is human beings have had no success in putting the genie back in the bottle, meaning maybe the only good example, two good examples, controlling the dissemination of technology that could kill us was the nuclear test ban treaty and the treaty to stop proliferation of nuclear weapons. We were pretty successful to keep it to, you know, U.S., Russia, Soviet Union, Russia, UK, France, and then, you know, unannounced powers like and North Korea and unannounced like Israel. But, you know, it's been 80 years since we developed nuclear weapons. Almost any industrialized country can now build an atomic bomb. But we managed to keep things of mass destruction. We did the same with chemical and biological weapons. It wasn't until that stuff got out of the lab in Wuhan that we killed 20 million people. But we did a pretty good job of, until then, keeping biological weapons out of, I mean, the Soviet Union in the Cold War weaponized smallpox and anthrax, things that supposedly were banned. But we managed not to do that by treaty. The problem is back then those things were developed by nation states, by governments. And so governments were able to agree, kind of constrain the growth of this stuff. But think about AI. It's not developed in a government lab. It's developed by commercial companies that have no sense of morality or interest in the greater good. What's the interest in a public company? At least in the U.S., and they are all U.S. companies, the interest is maximizing revenue and market cap. And so the ability to kind of manage these things by treaty or anything are not going to happen. In fact, the sad thing was about a year or two ago I was in the U.K. talking to their foreign officer. I forget where, maybe the Ministry of Defense. And they were talking about how to regulate AI. And I was just laughing at them, going, this toothpaste is already out of the tube. You could regulate it in the U.K., but it's going to cross the border. The Americans don't have any rules at all. So the risk of AI, I think that was your question, and what I'm concerned about, is that it's driven by profit and it has the potential to do enormous harm, both socially. I mean, look what social media did to at least the Western cultures. China was smart enough to regulate it. It didn't have the stomach to do that. But AI is going to be worse. It's being optimized not for, as I said, for the greater good, but for the greater profit of public companies. So what should we do? Hold on to your seats. It's going to be a wild ride. Let's say in the next five years, and I'm again 19 years old, I want to figure out what I should be working on. You're not 19 years old. I'm not, but the audience, the viewer, I'm trying to phrase the voice of the people out there. But the 19-year-old kid out there wants to know what do you think I should be working on. Are there some particular domains or sets of ideas that you think are particularly interesting for people to solve? So, you know, if you're in software and hardware and building apps and, you know, stuff for your friends or your mother, or even thinking about automating companies, I would suggest maybe you want to go deeper. Look at other fields you don't know anything about. I mean, what's nice is in 19, you kind of go into the little niche you know. You know, it's like, hey, I'm a student at a university. I'm in so-and-so department. I know about X. AI is affecting everything. Life science, material science, you know, almost any domain you could think about. And some of them, like, are even bigger opportunities than the crowded space you think you're in. So, you know, this is what I remind people. You know, we talk about the characteristics of an entrepreneur. Tenacious, relentless, agile, you know. But the thing we miss talking about is curiosity. Curiosity in a lot of things. If you're not curious about things outside your field, you're missing a lot. I get nature and science. I read about life science. Which just still blows me away about how much stuff we're discovering about how complicated. We thought we understood everything of it when we did the human genome project. It's laughable 20 years later. We had no clue how complicated things were. And we're still discovering it. So I would suggest whatever domain you're in, pick something so esoteric and just do a deep dive. And you don't have to become an expert. I'll give you an example. I mentioned I started a company or helped start a company. as they made supercomputers, that is, high-performance computers that solve scientific problems. Back then they were competing with a company called Cray. And we just didn't make the hardware, we had to figure out what software to run on the machine. And I was responsible for marketing, but I thought just selling the hardware just kind of missed the point, because my customers needed to solve very specific problems. And so I had to figure out what problems. And then I cheated by reading all of Cray's material and realized, oh, computational fluid dynamics, computational chemistry, seismic data processing and reservoir simulation, finite element analysis and crash analysis, a whole set of verticals that were pretty esoteric. And so I went around the country and hired some of the best people who were technical, but articulate and realized it was a lot easier to train technical people to become marketeers than the marketeers to become technical people. And was able to do that successfully. First of all, I needed to understand those things, and so I had to read about them. But the only person I couldn't hire was one from the petroleum business, because at that point in time, it was booming and no one wanted to go to Silicon Valley at the time. So I said, how do I do this? I said, well, I guess I need to become not only head of marketing, but I will take this vertical on personally. But I knew nothing about this. So I flew to Houston, and there used to be the Petroleum Area Research Library. And so I got a hotel for a week, I think maybe two weeks. I read the library. I maybe understood two pages of everything I read, but I understood enough to have a first hour or two conversation with not only marketeers, but technical people about how our machine would work and what it could do for reservoir simulation and what supercomputers were doing, what this machine would be doing. Fast forward four months later, going down to back then, Chevron, which was an oil company, had a research center in Southern California, in La Habra. I flew down to give a brown bag lunch talk to their research center. And I talked about the use of supercomputers and reservoir simulation futures and what was possible and took some Q&A and whatever. And at the end, the head of research for Chevron handed me his business card and he said, you know, most companies, hardware companies, just send stupid marketing people or sales people down. You're the first research engineer they ever sent down. If you ever want a job at Chevron in our research center, here's my card. I saved that card for the rest of my career. And the point wasn't I was smart. The point was I was intensely curious and loved learning about this domain, which I could still talk about and give probably an hour talk, but that's about it, in something that you would think has nothing to do with hardware or software or whatever. But this was an example of I love to learn new things and I love to try to figure out could I understand them and then explain them in a way that other people go, oh, I get it. And now I could understand how your product would fit, et cetera. Does that make sense about curiosity? And just imagine how nice it is these days with AI. You can discover so quickly depths of a subject matter. Of course, you need to be careful in the way you phrase it. You need to apply critical thinking. And you need to understand, right. Of course. And there's still, I think, an illusion many people stop thinking, which is a big problem with AI in my view. At the same time, to me, it's just a way to do an infinite deep dive, right? It's Google on steroids if you want to learn about anything. But it goes all the way back to if you're not curious, you're missing something. And this goes back to your question, what should a 19-year-old be thinking about? You should be thinking about things you're not thinking about, right? Think about things that your friends aren't thinking about. Go to places your friends aren't going to. Ask yourself, why aren't people doing this in this field? And the answer might be because A, you probably don't understand the field, or B, holy cow, you just discovered an opportunity that no one has done yet. Maybe this is a place you ought to be. That's where great innovation happens. I mean, think about Elon Musk. You know, what did Elon know about rockets? But it was intensely curious. Elon only had one job where he worked for someone else in Silicon Valley. You know what company that was? That was my video game company that failed. He was our intern. Really? Yeah. In fact, listen, I wish I could claim that I knew him. In fact, I was reading his biography, and it said, oh, he was an intern in a video game company. And I said, oh, that's interesting. I was CEO of one. Oh, in San Francisco? Oh, I had one in San Francisco. Named Rocket Science. What? Elon Musk was your intern, basically, in the company. He worked for Peter Barrett, the VP of Engineering, who is now head of Playground, a venture capital firm. So wait a minute. I had to call up Jim Wickett, who was my CEO, chief operating officer, and Jim said, that was the kid you yelled at a lot. He worked for Peter. So yeah. But my point is, here was a guy who went from one domain, had no experience at all, got lucky, slash good, slash lucky at PayPal, took the money, and said, I want to, and they laughed at him. I have to tell you, and this is something you should all remember, is when people laugh at you, this is a real test of an entrepreneur. If you decide that, well, I'm not going to go do this because people laughed at me, you probably don't have it. If it pisses you off and makes you go faster or further, you're in. Does that make sense? I mean, great entrepreneurs are, can I tell you one story? Please. So, I mentioned earlier we started this class that got adopted by the National Science Foundation and the National Institute of Health, but how that happened was we created the class at Stanford. I blogged it every week and I got a call from the head of commercialization at the National Science Foundation. Basically, you know, who's the NSF? I didn't really know, but they got my attention when they said, well, Steve, we commercialize all science in the U.S., we think you invented the scientific method for entrepreneurship. Okay, you got my attention. So we put on a class for them, 75 people, 25 of them were principal investigators, 25 teams. The class blew through their expectations, and then NSF says, we're going to scale this across the country. Great, when can you do this? Great, I'm ready to go, we'll run the next class in 30 days. Then I get a call, oh, our legal people said we're not allowed to move one budget line item to another. Well, how much money do you need? Well, $30 million. Well, who needs to approve it? Steve, wrong thing to tell me. Don't worry your little head. You know, our political people will take care of it with Congress. The House Science and Technology Committee are the people who need to approve this. We'll get it on the budget for next year. Never tell an entrepreneur, don't worry your little head. I had never done this before. I got on an airplane, got the list of people on the House Science and Technology Committee, didn't even know them. All you do is walk through a metal detector and you could walk into any congressman's office and cold call them. And I did, until I found a congressman who got his master's degree from my department at Stanford, Congressman Lepinsky. And Lepinsky's chief of staff, kind of the boss of the admin organization, said, huh, that's interesting. Congressman, we'll give you five minutes. And I spoke to a bunch of other congressmen, but Lepinsky comes out, we speak for 45 minutes. He says, this is really interesting. And that's it. I leave Washington, don't know if I made, and all I was asking for, I said, I don't want money from me. I want you to move this line out of here. And they're going, why are you here? Do you work for the edit? No, I'm just a professor. This is a good class. They want it. That's all I want you guys to do. A day later, as I get back to Stanford, I get a call from Lepinsky's chief of staff. The congressman said that you told them your next class starts on Tuesday. Is that true? Why, yes. The congressman will be flying out and attending your class. Lepinsky flies out from Washington, sits through my wing launchpad class. We go out to dinner, looks me in the eye and says, is this really going to work for the country? I guarantee it. What do I know? Absolutely. Absolutely. Reality distortion field, big time. He doesn't say anything. Finished dinner. He goes back to Washington. Three days later, I get a call from the National Science Foundation. You're never going to believe what happened. Congress just gave us another $30 million in the middle of the, maybe it was three weeks, but literally. It wasn't until two years later that I get the innovators of the year award from the National Science Foundation. Congressman Lepinsky is there with a director of the National Science Foundation. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. Now I watch my students in 19, 20, 21 do this from first principles. Well, the good news is the internet makes all this stuff available and possible, but still there's value in actually, as you say, trying it, failed, watching other people, et cetera. So trust me, this was not me at 19. You didn't ask me what my best products were. My two kids, my two kids. So one of the things, and I'm going to suggest this to 19 year olds who someday will have their own children. I filmed my kids on the same spot every week for 18 years. And when they graduated, made them an eight minute time lapse movie, which is an Easter egg on my website. So see if you could find it. And my, my daughter just had her first grandchild. So that's, those are my best products. Those are the best things you can do. No one will give you a memo and not to work hard or not to, you know, give everything to work. And there is no such thing as a, in an entrepreneurship as work life balance, but you got to decide that, you know, what do you want your tombstone to say? He never missed a meeting or he was a great father. And so while I retired, when my kids were eight or nine was to actually see them grow up and you don't get your report card until they leave and they decide where do they want to spend their vacation. Our kids still want to come home when they're in their thirties. So with her now with their spouses, so it makes an interesting life. So thank you. Thank you so much.